Some what ?
Oh , umm , no thanks .
No , I am ok , really .
Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from ?
Sounds good ! Let ' s see , I want .
I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest !
What for ?
It is really a hot potato .
That's excellent . How have you managed that ?
What does that mean exactly ?
What other sources of energy do you use ?
Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .
Right . And China is the homeland of tea .
Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?
Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?
You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .
Oh , so do I .
Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .
What are your personal weaknesses ?
Are you more of a leader or a follower ?
Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?
Are you available for travel ?
how long will it take us to drive to London ?
that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .
so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car .
wow ! That ' s fast ! I don ' t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
So how did I do on my driving test ?
Of course , I do .
How bad did I do ?
How ?
What were they ?
Can I have another try ?
Good morning . What's the matter with you ?
All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .
Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .
Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .
A good rest is all you need , and drink more water . I'll write you a prescription .
My dear , what's for supper ?
What about soup ?
Which condiment do you use for ?
Very good , need I help you ?
Thanks . I can watch TV now .
Okay , I'll do it next time .
Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?
Things are going well with me .
Mike , I don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . I really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .
I can't really deal with any distractions right now , but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together .
Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room .
Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
Are you busy tomorrow morning ?
Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .
I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .
I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .
I didn't think of it . Thank you . And I do apologize for being late .
Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
Can you hold it for me ?
Yes , here you are .
It's free of charge .
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .
Sure , John Sandals .
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .
Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ?
I have no problem with that .
Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell .
No problem .
Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 .
Could I have my bill , please ?
I'm afraid there's been a mistake .
I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6 . 5 dollar appears here , then again here .
Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?
Anything wrong with it ?
Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?
Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .
We're sorry that this has happened , and I guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .
Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .
They're only $ 20 a dozen .
Yes , that is today's sale price .
Is there anything else you'd like to get ?
These roses should make your wife very happy .
Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .
Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?
Why'd you pull me over ?
I ran a red light ?
I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .
I did learn that .
I don't know what to tell you .
I understand .
Can I have the roll of film developed here ?
Here is the film . Can I get my pictures tomorrow ?
Besides I want two copies of all the photos .
My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .
There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .
I have to start eating better too .
I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
That's basically it .
Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .
I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .
I know it does , and that's because it is .
Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .
Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?
Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?
Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
Thanks . How much would that come to ?
How are you today ?
Can I help you ?
I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today .
You have to make an appointment first .
Is this Friday okay ?
Yes , I will schedule you for that time .
Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ' re interested in .
Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek .
Yes , all the insurance will be linked with your work . We will issue an insurance policy .
Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .
Here is five dollars .
I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .
Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?
Thank you very much .
we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?
let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?
I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?
what's in a dahl ?
that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?
ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?
you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !
This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability .
pompous . How may I help you ?
How large a group are you expecting ?
Would you like to reserve a private dining room ?
All right . May I have your name , Sir ?
Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .
Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .
Can you help me now ?
That'll be too late .
I did , but he wasn't able to either .
Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ' s something urgent .
Yes , sir . I acted as a secretary in an insurance company .
Well , to begin with , I would say she needs to be diligent , and the second point is that she has to do a lot of things on her own initiative . Finally , she can make notes in shorthand and types and has the skills in report writing , summary writing , keep minutes at meetings , and so on . Most important of all is that she seems to have a better memory than average .
Yes , I studied in a computer training program , and can process data through the computer .
I can handle them without any trouble
Above all , I have learned that what is good for the company is good for me . So I follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed .
Hi , Dan . What's new ?
I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?
How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?
What are you going to do now ?
That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?
Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?
I got a ticket yesterday .
I parked in the red zone .
I needed to get something really quick .
At my apartment building .
I needed to be fast .
How may I help you ?
What problem are you having ?
Do you have the statement for your card ?
What are the charges you ' re referring to ?
I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges .
I honestly don ' t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?
Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .
OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?
No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . You must wait until maturity before you cash them .
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !
Banker ?
Can I have my $ 200 please ?
Hi , is this Professor Clark ' s office ?
Hi , this is Kalina from your morning literature class .
I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won ' t be able to come to school today .
I broke my leg , but it is healing .
I should be able to return by next Monday .
Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber ?
I see . Let me have a look . It seems that your toilet is clogged , and that ' s why it won ' t flush . Let me just get my plunger . No , that ' s not working either . I suspect that there ' s some sort of foreign object in the pipes that ' s causing a blockage . That ' s what ' s making your toilet overflow .
Yeah , I have a little one myself . Anyway , these water pipes are really rusty , so they also should be changed . Thatcould be causing water to not drain completely , that might lead to more problems in the future . I would also suggest fixing this faucet that isn ' t shutting off properly . I could have it all finished by today if it ' s urgent .
Let ' s see ... I would say about eight hundred dollars .
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
You need a babysitter .
I could have Suzy stay at my place .
Why not ?
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
Good evening . What'll you have ?
Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?
OK . Here you are .
Of course . Wait for a moment , please .
Fine , thank you , and how are you ?
Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .
Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .
By the way miss , where is the toilet ?
What ? Oh , what we live ! Thank you very much for your help , miss .
excuse me , could you tell me which line I ' m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?
that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ?
can I buy stamps here ?
I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .
no .
and the bubble wrap ?
thanks a lot . You ' Ve been very helpful .
I am cooking now !
I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !
I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?
That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .
It's OK . Please have a taste of it .
Thank you for your praise .
I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .
Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .
It's my pleasure .
This is room 2012 . Where is my laundry ? You promised to send to me this morning .
Yes , I ordered the express service .
That's fine .
What is it ?
Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
Would you please fill some gas for me ?
Unleaded , please .
I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .
What about a draft at 120 days sight ?
A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .
I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries .
There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?
I think that she is very pretty .
She's kind of short .
She's probably about five feet .
The first thing I noticed was her beautiful brown eyes .
Are you telling me that you've seen her before ?
Take a seat inside and see what you think . So you will take the Porsche then , sir ?
You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .
San Francisco ? No , sir . We only have this office here . You will have to return it here .
No , sir . That's only with the very big companies . I'm sorry , but this car must be returned to this lot .
Do you still want the car , sir ?
It's a beautiful drive .
Just a moment , sir . We have to finish filling out the forms .
Sure . Just leave it to me . I'll finish it .
Speaking of seafood , my mouth is watering . Let's go to the seafood restaurant in our neighborhood .
Look at the crystal clear fridge . You can see so many kinds of seafood in it . They all look very fresh and delicious .
You sound like a seafood expert . I would like to have some stir-fried squids and steamed shrimps .
Let's go into the restaurant and find a table to order some food .
OK . I will wait for you inside the restaurant
Where do you want to go ?
Get in . I'll take you .
It will cost you $ 10 .
You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know .
Certainly .
Where was it from ?
Jingdezhen ? Isn't it called ' the capital of porcelain ' ?
This is the very thing I've been dreaming of .
It must be most precious .
Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ?
Oh , Would you do me a favor ?
Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .
Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .
Thanks .
I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side . Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?
It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .
Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .
It really hurts .
To hell with you . The accident was your fault .
To hell with you .
Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?
It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday ?
What about the performance itself ?
Wow , a story about the clever Monkey King . It's a classic and children's favorite .
Wonderful ! How much is the ticket ?
All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ?
I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00
Perhaps one year , I'm not sure .
French dressing , please .
Oh , French dressing .
We still prefer French dressing .
Certainly . And what vegetables would you like ?
Fine , And what about something to drink ?
Good . Thank you . sir .
No , thanks . I ' Ve had enough . I'll have my bill , please .
Thank you .
Sure . First of all , it ' s very important for you not to be late . Job interviewers usually don ' t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic .
So you ' d better explore the place the day before and at the same time , look around to see what the employees are wearing . So the next day you will arrive early for the appointment .
That ' s right . You need to create a good image in a limited time , usually about 30 to 45 minutes .
It ' s not too difficult to make a good impression . For example , you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed . Avoid the extremes of a too elaborate or too casual style . This will put you on the same level as other applicants and make the interviewer consider more important qualifications .
I advise you not to wear a too casual style when going to an interview . Informal clothes as well as torn jeans and dirty shoes convey the impression that you are not serious about the job , or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes .
You misunderstood me . Clothes which are too colorful or too expensive suggest that you do not understand what behavior is appropriate for the job , or that you are snobbish or frivolous .
You got it . Only in this way can you gain the respect of the interviewer and his confidence in your judgement .
It may not be true , but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior .
No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .
What a pity !
That's OK .
Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .
It's NX567822100007 .
OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
May I help you ?
Are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ?
Sure . We have a one-day trip along the river . It's quite beautiful .
I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .
OK , got it . Is there anything else I need to know before we go ahead ?
That sounds fine , thanks for that . Let's go ahead !
I would like to report a break-in .
I believe it happened last night .
It happened at my house .
I haven't checked yet .
My front window was broken .
I'd appreciate that .
One dollar .
Actually , you can only have four .
Okay . Thanks .
Come in please .
Well , since you have come , do it now please ?
Thank you . Please get some soap for us .
Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ' m sorry to bother you at home , but I ' Ve got a bit of a problem .
My daughter ' s just banged up her knee pretty badly and I ' m going to have to take her to the hospital . I ' ll be about two hours late .
Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?
I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
Then tell me something about your background .
Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
Have you got anything to ask me ?
Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .
Good . Have you got any other questions ?
Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
Tom , is Jenny crying ?
I ' m just coming for that .
She ' s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ' t you be good to her ?
Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?
That is a wonderful idea .
Thank you for your help .
Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ?
Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?
Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !
Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !
Are they from Taiwan ?
OK . I'll take four kiwis .
sure . What do you need ?
really ? Why ?
but surely they won't fire you ! You're one of the most experienced managers here !
well that's great news ! Congratulations ! Where will you be located ?
it'll be sad to see you go , but it sounds like you're found yourself a great opportunity .
I'm sorry to bring this up , but would it be possible for you to write me a letter of recommendation before you go ?
thanks . I appreciate that .
Do you have this shirt in a small ?
May I try it on ?
the James ' s file , Christine ?
Christine , I know you ' re new here and there ' s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ' t afford to lose an important document .
I wonder whether I could possibly borrow your new bicycle now .
Thank you very much .
Don't mention it , let's go in .
She sure can . Are you jealous , Leslie ?
You can ! With a little practice .
I think he's hot too .
Exercised over and over . Exercise is a key .
Good for you , Leslie !
OK , how was everything ?
Would you like this to-go ?
Sure , no problem . Here you are . That'll be 25 dollars .
Yes , we accept Visa and MasterCard .
Thanks . I'll be right back .
Here's your receipt .
You're welcome . Please come again .
I'm going to quit the job .
The task is tough .
Thanks for your concern .
Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages . CouId I put them here ?
Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .
Eat some more .
Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?
Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .
Thanks a lot .
I'm sorry I'm late .
Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?
No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .
She is eight . Actually , I'm buying a good set of art supplies for her as a birthday gift .
Hello ?
No , I ' m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?
O . K . No problem . Anything else ?
All right , I ' ll leave her the message , Mary . Thanks for calling .
Goodbye .
Yes , a little .
I'm sorry . I can't quite follow you . Would you mind speaking slowly ?
I've a driver mate in my car !
Yes , it's so helpful .
Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ?
No , thanks .
Yes . Would tomorrow morning be all right with you ?
I'm afraid he's fully engaged . Could you make it another time ?
I'm just shopping .
Some new clothes . How about you ?
Have you found anything nice yet ?
Where'd you get those ?
Those are really cute .
I would like that . Thank you .
Yes , speaking .
No , I haven't got one by now . I will go to the interview of yours .
Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?
Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering ?
Yes , that would be best . Now , for food should we have Chinese or American food ?
That would be great . What kind of music would you like , a band or recorded music ?
That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday .
What's the matter ?
Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea .
No , thank you .
Over there .
Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low .
I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off !
Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?
Oh , thank you .
No , thanks . I already have credit cards .
That's a nice discount .
Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .
Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ?
Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither .
Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ' Ve got enough food . Let ' s go over to the check-out stand .
Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?
Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .
I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .
I have a concussion , but I will be OK .
I only need to take this week off .
Hello , Parker . How ' s everything ?
Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ' s your schedule looking ?
Great .
You mean the network connection ?
I have the same question . I can ' t send out mails . We ' d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
Honey , I need to have a talk with you .
No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?
Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .
What's wrong with you , young man ?
Do you have a fever ?
Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
Of course not . You need a good rest .
I want something sweet after dinner .
A dessert sounds nice .
I want to get some pie .
I have no idea .
Sure , what kind do you like ?
Oh , I love apple pie too .
Let's go now .
May I help you ?
Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .
We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office .
The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars .
Please go to Counter No . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . It's over there .
I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .
Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .
Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?
Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .
Thank you . Goodbye .
Yes , sir . What price range do you have in mind ?
I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars .
We are having a sale now . The price has already gone down .
It's two hundred and eighty dollars .
Can I help you ?
Well , we have a lot of models here . Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?
Alright . There are several models you may want to look at . This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .
It's a German company . This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band . It also has a built-in microphone .
Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?
Hmm . You know , the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often ?
Alright . Well . We have many units without auto-reverse . Here is a good unit . Very reliable . It has an AM / FM band , built-in microphone , recording capability , and no auto-reverse .
This one sells for $ 39 . 99 .
Of course .
Fine . I think you'll be happy with it . It's a very good unit . Very reliable . I'll go get you a new one in a box . I will be back in just a moment .
Tell me about yourself .
What type of position are you looking for ?
Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?
Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?
What is your greatest strength ?
What is your greatest weakness ?
Why do you want to work for our company ?
When can you begin ?
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .
What are they ?
And what is the most important point ?
Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .
We've never expected that Shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as New York city . David , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? I've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the States .
This house is not looking all that great from here
I don ' t think that it is looking any better inside here .
It is just too dark in here with so few windows .
The kitchen may be large , but it doesn ' t have any storage space .
How many dogs live in this house ?
Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course .
I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice .
That's great , bring me a bottle of that please .
Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ?
That won't take long .
Well , I'm not quite ready .
You wouldn't do a thing like that !
I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ?
Johnny , I wish you ' d stop reaching for things . Haven ' t you a tongue ?
Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .
I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?
No , that's about it for now . Thanks .
Have you seen our new packing specifications ?
I'm really in a flap about the interview .
I'm in such a need of the job that I can't afford any mistakes .
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?
I guess I need all of them .
I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .
May I know where you are going ?
I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .
Don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and go across the street through the overpass . The bus stop is right there .
My pleasure .
Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .
Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .
By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?
Let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
Have you seen the tower in front of us . That's the famous Eiffel Tower . It was built in 1889 for the World's Fair .
It stands 320m ( 1050ft ) high and held the record as the world's tallest structure until 1930 .
Yes , the towel was named after its designer Gustave Eiffel .
I ' m calling to cancel my reservation for Trans Pacific Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis . Could you please make it for the same flight on August 2 instead of July 19 ?
My name is Judy Wang .
My first name is J-U-D-Y , and my last name is W-A-N-G .
It ' s OK . Where should I pay for the penalty ?
That ' s 1POJ7403 .
Thank you !
No , thanks . I ' m all set . Good-bye .
Yeah . This is supply . What can I do for you ?
All right . No problem . What ' s your extension ?
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ?
Is there anything else ?
How old is he ?
Well . I shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
What can I get for you today ?
Would you like cheese on that ?
Would you like a drink ?
What kind of soda would you like ?
Sure , no problem .
Will that be all ?
Please tell me something about your insurance background .
Why do you want to be an insurance agent ?
Do you have any work experience in promotion ?
Do people respond well to you ?
Ah , here we are .
Would you like to sit near the window ?
Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
Are you going to buy a bicycle ?
¥ 350 .
Your discount is already included . Normally we charge ¥ 400 , but now we can give you a special price . This is our sale period .
Sorry , but this is the best price . You can ' t get it any cheaper than here .
I'm afraid you can ' t . You ' re welcome to pay in cash .
Sure . What do you need ?
Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
Now press this button .
Just a second . I'll go get some .
Tell me what the problem is .
Do you have some quarters ?
The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
That's all there is .
If you need anything else , just let me know .
Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ?
Only three days ?
What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?
It was the same as the last place I worked at . I was hoping you ' d be different .
Yeah . I am too .
I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .
I actually like the food there .
They have anything you want .
I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . It tasted great .
I think you'll really like the food there .
That's OK .
Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .
Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .
First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .
For shipment , you know we are producing a complete set of equipment for you and it won't all be finished at one time . So would you allow us to make partial shipments .
I want to buy a black suit .
I prefer single breasted suit .
That looks great . Do you have ties here ?
How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .
Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .
That's why I came to your office today . We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 .
I see your point . That's to say s 611 each set . Still it's much higher than the market price . Could you see your way to reduce the price , Jack ?
All right . We accept it . So $ 600 for each set .
Don't I know you ?
You're Mr . Stevenson , right ?
That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .
When we have the final results , we will call you .
If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .
I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call , it means that you weren't successful .
I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself , and I have to discuss it with other interviewers .
Your mentality is very good and that's great .
My pleasure .
Well , you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest .
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
What kind of people do you like to work with ?
I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . For all of you , we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this .
Were you in a leadership position when you were a college student ?
Did you get any honors or awards at your university ?
Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?
Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .
Lower level employees need not attend . The purpose of this retreat is for training , especially for our management team . We want to develop a well-oiled machine on our executive level . In order to get everyone to jell together , we've got to include some fun . That's the reason for the retreat .
Why ?
But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .
You should try swimming then . It helps you to keep fit .
I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically .
I can type 80 words a minute , basically no mistake , and can take dictation in English at 120 words per minute .
Yes . When can I get them back ?
That's fine . By the way , please have that suit dry cleaned .
What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .
And what's the cause of that ?
But I can't just slow down .
You mean I've got to lose weight ?
You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?
So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?
Do you do the same exercises every day ?
Why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising ?
Oh , yes . Singing is also a good way of keeping fit , at least mentally .
I think Pond's is the best .
They're on special offer today .
Steven , I'm going abroad by plane for the first time tomorrow . Can you give me some advice ? And what should I pay attention to ?
I will go to bed early tonight .
I don't know . But I have a carsickness .
Thank you .
Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?
There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?
We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .
I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .
When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day .
Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?
$ 300 .
Here you are .
What do you mean ?
Mom , when you come home , please buy a coat , a skirt , a sweater ...
Mr . Chen , do you mind if I smoke ?
Good morning , can I help you ?
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?
Is there anything else , sir ?
Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered .
Do you need anything else , sir ?
What kind of juice do you like sir ?
Yes , sir . I ' ll get them for you right away . Would you please sign this bill first ? Thank you , sir .
Yeah , we probably should . How much is normal ?
That sounds about right .
It will leave at 3:00 p . m .
It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow .
It's 86 coach and 175 berths
Hey , taxi .
Beijing Library .
Is it a long ride to Beijing Library ?
Thirty minutes , that will be all right . There are still fifty minutes to go before the library is open . Look , what are they doing on the square ?
Sounds great ! Can you stop somewhere here for a minute ? I will get some souvenirs for my friends .
How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ?
Do you have any carry-on luggage ?
Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .
Twenty-two dollars
This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip !
What date would you like to depart , sir ?
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .
And what date will you be returning ?
Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6
I would like to buy a black suit .
No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony .
but it looks good . Let me try it on .
What can I do for you , miss ?
Do you like high heels or flat shoes ?
Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?
Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?
That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you .
Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .
Good idea . I think you ' ll like it if you give it a chance .
Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .
Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
Now we have to make a choice about what we will see and what we won't .
The material is so abstract that I have trouble understanding it .
Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .
By the way , I want a large room .
Yes , that's what I am looking for . I will take the room for 2 days .
Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
Oh , that ' s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ' ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ' t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go
What are you excited about ?
Was this your first time ?
You ' re lucky .
Because you turned 18 in an election year .
You didn ' t ?
You should be , because you ' re a part of history .
Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes .
Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .
Could I have look at that pair of canvas shoes ? They look nice .
What's Tiananmen famous for ?
What's that ?
All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive . travelling to China is very worth one . thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .
Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
Mr . James . I know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ?
Oh , I'm sorry . However , if you could help me out , I'll double the pay for the hours worked .
I'll need them for the conference on Monday afternoon . Do you think it can be done by then ?
Thank you very much , Mr . James .
How can I ever thank you ? I owe you a big favor .
Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?
Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .
What ' s the matter with them ?
Ah , I can do it perfectly .
6 yuan . And I can make them as new as before .
All right . I ' ll repair them for you .
Yes . They will be ready in a few minutes .
Hello !
I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number . There is no Stefan here .
Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .
No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed .
It doesn't matter . It happens to everyone .
That's all right .
Good morning . I ' m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager .
Yes , I do . I have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning .
My name is Bruce Green .
Thank you .
Oh , it ' s almost eleven twenty .
You ' re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ' t it ?
I have one . We could share it . Which way are you going ?
I am going there , too . We can walk together .
I'm interested in Chinese antiques .
I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .
Oh , they look just like live cranes .
I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?
Thank you .
It looks wonderful . Very authentic .
OK . So , what can you recommend ?
Is it salty ?
What does ' Duppa del Giono ' mean ? I'm sorry I don't know how to pronounce that .
No . I'll try them . Sounds good .
Anything you would like to know ?
We expect the usher girl to be good-looking , no less than 165 centimeters high , and love smiling .
Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera .
Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband .
Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?
The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens .
Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !
Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?
No you ' re not ! There are some right here !
Thanks for your help , Ralph !
May I help you , ma'ma ?
First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .
That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .
Mr . Crandall , I ' m sorry , but I really don ' t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .
I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ' d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .
I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .
I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .
He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .
No . But I'll fill you in later . Right now I have to find Vince .
I'd like to have some more . It's really good .
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .
One dollar .
Two stops after this one .
Sure .
No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
How are you wedding plans going ?
When will that be ready ?
You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .
Which hotel will the reception be held at ?
Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
I think you make the right decision .
Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .
Sure , go ahead .
So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?
Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .
Not for me , Dick .
Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .
Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .
Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .
If it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way .
How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?
That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .
Goodbye and see you tonight . Miss Rose .
Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?
OK , I'll tell him .
Yes , of course . Here it is .
No , some of them are my friend's . Do you want her passport , too ?
Do you want me to put it on the belt , too ?
OK . Just a moment . It's just some clothes and toiletries .
I think there is nothing .
Oh , no . None of that .
Thanks a lot .
Yes ?
Oh , did you ?
Yes , of course . Will you come with the receipt ?
Until 8 o'clock , ma'am . We are looking forward to seeing you .
No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .
Why , do we need groceries ?
Do you know what to get ?
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?
Why don't you just get the basics ?
Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .
Sure , no problem .
Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .
Yes , I got it . Thanks .
Yes , can I help you ?
OK , here you are .
Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?
You should have been there . It was intense .
Our team was victorious .
It was a great game .
Our team won 101-98 .
That's the reason it was such a great game .
Have you ever tried shopping online ?
That's right . Seeing is believing .
That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .
It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .
Me too . Sometimes I surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ?
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Good morning , sir . May I help you ?
Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?
I ' m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute .
Would you like something to drink , sir ? Do you prefer coffee or tea ?
Here you are , Mr . Richard . This is the cream and this is the sugar . If there ' s anything else you ' d like , please don ' t hesitate to tell me .
911 . How may I help you ?
When did this break-in occur ?
Where did the break-in happen ?
Was anything taken ?
What makes you think there was a break-in ?
I'll send a squad car .
Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...
Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while .
Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?
Well , that's kind of obvious .
Uh , let's keep this going , shall we ?
What do you mean ?
We'd better take it up with them , in that case .
No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ' s hear more about these chocolates you ' re offering .
Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?
Really ? I didn ' t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production
Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...
Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ' s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?
Haggis ? What ' s Haggis ?
Ah , get back to you .
Do you need a guide ?
It's $ 20 . If you are staying for more than 3 days in the city , the charge is $ 16 per day .
Aren't you Jim Green ?
I believe we met at a concert last year . I'm Taylor .
Lucy , I ' d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ?
I think I can handle it by myself .
I see . If I got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , I wouldn ' t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility .
Like this one ? Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder . Yeah , thank you for telling me .
Thank God ! I am finished writing that service guide ! It took me forever !
This morning ! No more overtime , and no more headaches !
I didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .
I am afraid that I forgot to send it in .
Is it too late to mail the Continued Claim Form in now ?
I will mail it in a little early next time to avoid this problem .
Will my paycheck arrive late because I messed up on my form ?
I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .
Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .
I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?
A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit ?
Okay . Let me think about this .
May I take your order ?
And what would you like after that ?
It's the latest and quite popular among young people .
Sure . Here is your receipt .
You can refund it in 7 days and exchange it in one year .
It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ' s in a bit of a jam .
Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ' t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ' t look into a couple of different HMO ' s .
Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ' s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .
Well , we don ' t have any pre-existing illnesses or conditions , so we should be fine .
Not in a million years !
Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
You must have over 2 years'experience first .
Played poker with my work friends .
Of course .
Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?
Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?
How much does it cost ?
It looks pretty good . I think I'll take it .
That's all thank you .
What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !
You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .
Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
It may take less time , but I don't know about easier . Yuck .
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .
You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?
You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
How much is the rent ?
And how much is the deposit ?
Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?
Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .
Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .
Do you understand any other foreign languages besides English ?
What band did you pass in Japanese Language Proficiency Test ?
What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?
Oh , In what way .
Did you lose any weight ?
when was the last time you have track up ?
Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .
I think you ' ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ' ll be sure if you get more rest .
May I see your passport , please ?
You are here on business , I think ?
How long will you be staying ?
How many pieces of baggage have you got ?
Do you intend to take it out on your departure ?
According to the regulations , the camera you've brought along for personal use can be passed for the time being duty free , but you will have to take it out with you when you leave the country .
Well . Have a pleasant stay in Germany .
Excuse me . What should be included in my CV ?
What kind of personal information ?
May I come in ?
Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested .
Thank you .
I majored in Public Relations .
Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year .
The export Business Section .
Yes , very much .
Where to , ma'am ?
The Grand Hotel ?
No , Madam . I don't think I do .
Oh , yes . I know where it is .
Yes . I'll have the shrimp cocktail to start .
I'll have a steak , medium rare .
Yes , I do .
OK . Here you are .
You're right .
Which one ?
Yes , I see .
What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ?
Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
It is OK with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things .
Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?
Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
You ' re welcome .
We should have it put together by the end of next week .
Well , as the saying goes -- we aim to please !
Here are some . They ' re on special sale these days .
Good morning . what can I do for you ?
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .
Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
They're only three thousand yuan .
Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .
You've made an excellent choice , sir .
Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .
That's right .
I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?
Great . Thank you .
You really should go to Rachel's pet store .
It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .
Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?
But it will pose a risk to your health .
I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .
I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .
Yes , good luck , Maria .
Hold on a minute , please .
I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .
I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
OK , we wait for you .
what is it ?
yes .
really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?
wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?
are you looking forward to doing more editing work ?
do you have any order forms here so that I can get a subscription to the magazine ?
I'm really looking forward to reading your column .
sure , where would you like to go ?
have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ?
you're right , thanks . There's an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that I want to finish .
it's Martin Scorsese . You liked his film , The Departed , didn't you ?
sure . You know it has an online edition , too . You should go online to read if you want to read it now .
no . I don't buy it regularly enough for it to be worthwhile .
it's almost three pounds now , and I think they're going to put the price up to four pounds soon .
Cosmo mainly has a middle-class readership , but I think circulation will fall dramatically if the price goes up anymore .
Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain !
But you could have saved money .
F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...
Can you help me do an internet search ?
I want to find information on the American Civil War .
Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .
Oh wow , there are a lot of sites .
Thanks .
Thanks . If I ' m interested , I ' ll go to the library .
OK . You ' d better come back in two hours .
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .
He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .
The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .
Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .
Yes . He usually replies immediately .
My pleasure . I hope you get a hold of him .
I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford .
No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well .
Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month .
About two month ago .
Well , Mr . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious .
What am I supposed to do ?
Try to get outdoors more and be sure to get more rest .
Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?
Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ?
Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then .
That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ?
Surely . Let ' s get started by drafting a new contract .
You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?
Yes , here you are . Try it in front of the mirror .
Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .
I was there .
A man came into the bank with a gun .
I was so scared when I saw the gun .
He took the money and tried to get away .
He didn't even make it out the door .
hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ' m shocked that the pole
you mean if they catch the murderer . I ' m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .
well , there was one good piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?
well , they ' Ve got the money and she ' s going tomorrow for treatment .
I ' m sure they are . Oh , and a local man won the lottery . I ' m so jealous ! I wish it were me ! I buy a lottery ticket every week and I ' m amazed that I haven ' t even won a small prize yet . It ' s so unfair !
How much is it all together ?
Is it possible for you to reduce the price ?
This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ?
I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?
And how many pieces did you have ?
Is there a name tag attached to them ?
We're very sorry for the delay . I'll check immediately and call you back .
Yes . May I have some more beer ?
Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .
By the way , Miss . Where is the toilet ?
What ?
I attend an aerobic class three times a week .
No , I feel young , fresh and energetic .
No , this isn't .
Sure . Wait a minute .
Why don't you wear a scarf ?
You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .
Yes . That's the secret to wearing a thin jacket .
I'll lend you my gloves and earmuffs until you get your own .
Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?
Yes , I pretty much understand the company .
Yes , I've been observing them .
I already have something to wear .
OK , I am ready to think of other things .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Certainly . Here you are .
Four hundred yuan .
I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this .
Well , I'll have it wrapped for you .
Thank you . Please come again .
We ' re glad that you ' re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?
Sure , I ' ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ' t you have a seat on the sofa and I ' ll go take care of things in the kitchen .
Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?
Ok . What do you think about our living room ?
My parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .
Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .
That ' s very nice of you to offer . Here ' s your tea . Be careful , it ' s still quite hot .
I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .
well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .
how much do are you looking to spend ?
looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .
anything you need to have in the place ?
you can also check out university bulletin boards .
not really , but landlords put up notices to attract students and they often have low rent .
good luck .
Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .
They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .
I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?
Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .
I'm not sure . I know I should know that , but I can't remember right now .
Roses will be fine .
I think red would be nice .
Can you deliver them , please ?
241 Main street .
Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?
You have to try at least .
That's nothing .
I need to take a few classes .
How about a driver's course ?
I don't understand why I need to make an appointment .
I'd like to make one now if I could .
I'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9
That's great . Thank you very much .
Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please .
This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .
No problem .
How's Jimmy today ?
Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?
You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet . You must stay in bed for another two days . The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .
No , he doesn ' t .
Yes . He must remain in bed for another two days . He can get up for about two hours each day , but you must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams this evening ?
Well , tell me something of yourself .
What working experience have you get ?
Oh , good . Irene , can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant ? Don't you like your present job ?
This looks wonderful , Madame Culot .
Thank you . Mmm . Can you tell me about the terrine ?
Mmm . Maybe another time .
Sounds good . I think I'll have the lamb for my main course . What does it come with ?
I'll have the potatoes . What are you having ?
Oh , yes . That would be lovely .
Would you like those with yogurt ?
What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .
It ' s a special kind of Chinese herb . It ' s good for you !
What's so great about it ?
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .
Yeah , you seem to like those styles .
This one looks really expensive though .
Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .
Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .
Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit .
We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences .
Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?
Good idea .
Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .
Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .
Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .
I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .
Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .
Yes . Please fill in a new deposit slip and we can continue .
Do we have to ?
It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .
But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down .
I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .
I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .
Welcome , how may I help you today ?
Then you will be happy to here that today all our pizzas are on sale . Two for one .
What size would you like ?
Which kind do you want ?
We have two seafood pizzas . Tuna and crab .
Would that be for here or take away ?
That'll be in a ten minutes . Please sit over there , and I'll call you over as sooner as it's ready .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ?
Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?
I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .
Take on after each meal .
Take them for two days . If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
Ticket , please . Do you have a seat preference ?
Sure . Please put your baggage on scale .
20kg . Yours is not overweight . Here is your boarding pass and baggage tag . Please go to the satellite hall to wait for boarding .
What time is our connecting flight ?
Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ?
Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal !
I ' m be right behind ya !
You'll need to make an appointment .
What day would you like us to do the installation ?
We're only available at 3
I'm sorry . That's the only available time .
Yes . Anytime on Saturday will be fine .
We can do it . See you then .
Yes , it is .
Yes , and I hope that it does .
I really love how rain clears the air .
Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
Because you can see the stars perfectly .
Yeah , me too .
Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .
Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
Come with me , please .
Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi .
It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable .
Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem .
For the most part , yes . If you don't feel comfortable with it , then it is best not to take one at night .
Sure . What time do you want to go ?
That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .
I'm on a weekly schedule . You're messing everything up .
Aright . I'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then .
I knew everything would work out for you !
Wonderful ! Do you already have your work schedule ?
Do you know what you will be doing yet ?
You're so good with people . I think they will like you !
Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account .
What What features do they offer ?
I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .
No , that won ' t be necessary .
Yes , I ' d like to deposit one billion dollars .
Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?
You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?
Have you decided what you ' re going to do during your holiday ?
Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?
Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .
Great . Make sure you buy me a souvenir !
It ' s nice meeting you .
I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate .
What do you feel about gay marriage ?
Would you legalize gay marriage ?
Many people won ' t like that .
I really like you .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ?
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ?
I ' d like to know more about it .
OK . I will be there .
Bye .
All right . Which room shall I have ?
Marketing manage office , can I help you ?
Sorry , he's out .
Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?
That's fine . please call again later .
So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...
How many people are on the board of directors ?
How much will my pay be , if you don ' t mind my asking ?
Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?
Mum , can I finish my homework later ?
But I want to watch TV now .
Please .
Not even for an hour ?
Where ' s Sally , Jack ?
What ' s she doing ?
Is Tim in the garden , too ?
I beg your pardon ? Who ' s climbing the tree .
What about the dog ?
What's wrong with you ?
Do you feel tired ?
I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .
Open your mouth and show me your tongue . Say ah ... You have a bad cold . So you must stay in bed for a week .
What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .
Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it .
Yeah , maybe . Thanks , anyway . Hope you guys have a great time !
Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .
Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?
Well . It doesn't go with your skirt . I think the color itself is fine though .
Of course ! Are you ?
You should know that .
The election is this Tuesday .
I ' m not kidding .
That should ' Ve been something you knew already .
Whatever . Just make sure you go vote .
Zina , why are you whispering ?
What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?
We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
You get your bus pass ?
You're not ?
It actually costs less if you have a bus pass .
You can use it however many times you need to .
Yup , and you can keep the money in your pocket .
You should go get yours .
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?
I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?
Yes .
Yes , Video TV .
Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?
That is 413-447-9662 ?
Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 .
Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message .
Good-bye .
Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .
I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
Where shall we sit ?
Do you like cooking ?
I don ' t like it . It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ' t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .
So what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .
Do you find it hard to get ingredients for Chinese food ?
How long does it take you to cook a meal for 5 or 6 people ?
I'm searching for an old music box .
If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .
Would any of them have dancing figures ?
Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .
One last question
I guess I was asking for too much .
We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?
What if we want to take a vacation ? Who will we leave it with ? Plus , our apartment is too small for that breed of dog .
We ' re planning on having children soon , I don ' t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house .
I ' ll tell you what , I can get you some hamsters and we ' ll take it from there .
Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .
Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .
Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .
John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .
You can't be serious !
After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .
You know , now that I think about it , I really don't have much more to say to you at all !
Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?
I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .
Certainly . No one who evades tax can escape from their detection . They ' ll check your income through computers . You'd better make a declaration to the tax authorities as soon as possible . If you fail to meet the deadline , you will be fined .
I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .
He is really outrageous .
I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .
Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .
I shouted it back of course .
What would you do if you were in my shoes ?
No way , Kate . I mean it's just not my fault .
I am too angry to do that .
Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .
I think so . Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you .
Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?
I'm afraid I can't agree with you on that . I like D . H . Laurence ' s novels better .
I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .
It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .
I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money .
Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .
Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?
What about the hotel accommodations ?
Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?
Hello , 332440 .
I'm afraid he's not in at the moment Dave . He went out about an hour ago and he's not back yet .
Well , he shouldn't be long . He said he was just going to get some paint . But I wouldn't be surprised if he's stopped off at the pub on the way back .
All right . Goodbye , Dave .
Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !
This can ' t wait ! I need your help now !
Ok , here ' s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .
Sure that ' s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?
Great ! Can you set the table ?
Wait ! Don ' t turn it on ...
I'd like to talk to somebody about the Group Account Deposit Service .
What is it used for ? I mean , why bother to get this special account ?
I see , so this can really cut down on time and centralise management . Interesting ...
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?
Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .
May I have a look at your passport , please ?
Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?
What do you have ?
I'd like porcelain .
Oh , it looks well . I like it very much .
How much is it ?
It's not expensive . I'll take it .
Not hot but warm . Very comfortable .
Yes , I have already booked a room .
We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .
This is worth trying .
Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !
Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .
That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .
Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?
Sounds like we have the same idea .
Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .
You can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database .
Yes , usually it takes a short time , but you have to await the choice of the units for a while .
Cross the street and walk two blocks west . You can't miss it .
I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk . Can you recommend me some kinds ?
My skin is oily .
Can you tell me more ?
Who ?
You must have the wrong number .
Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ?
Thank you very much .
What do you think about this store ? I heard it ' s a posh store that ' s only got branches in big cities .
Don ' t worry . I ' Ve decided that for your birthday I ' m going to take you shopping for a new dress .
I do , that ' s why you should appreciate this gift !
How about this red dress ? I think it would really suit you .
Here you go . On any other day , it would cost me a fortune , but it ' s on special offer today .
Let me look . Let ' s see ... they ' Ve got one in blue , green , pink , black ... and white . Here you are .
I think you look fantastic . Happy Birthday !
The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you ?
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ?
No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ?
I see . Wait in the room , please .
Let's have seafood for a change . How about oyster and lobster ?
Anything else you want to add ?
May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?
Any luggage ?
Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .
You can take that with you .
No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .
15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time .
You are welcome ! Have a nice flight .
I have worked as an executive secretary for 5 years , first for trading companies , and now I am working for a trust company . I interact well with peers , clients , administrators and bosses . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments .
I can type 100 Chinese words a minute and take dictation in English at 150 words a minute .
Yes , I can . I have received some special training in computers . Besides I am good at operating common office machines , such as fax machines and duplicating machines .
That's all right . But could you tell me how often and how many hours I should work overtime ?
Mr . Smith , I's like to ask you a question .
What specific duties would I perform if I am hired ?
Yes . I specialized in English secretary studies at college and that's one of the main parts of my present job .
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position .
I think it's acceptable and I really like the job . And when can I know the decision ?
No . Thank you for the time .
We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .
Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .
And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .
Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?
Round-trip or one-way ?
What date would you like to fly ?
How many people will be traveling ?
Which class ?
Right . Ok , the fare is $ 700 .
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run .
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run .
I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question .
You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .
Don ' t worry about a thing ; we are just taking a second look and talking .
Yes , I am sure I can .
Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .
Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .
Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college .
Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .
Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .
When I kicked that habit , I found I had so much more energy . I started exercising .
No . I like to be outside . I took up hiking and mountain biking .
Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .
Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .
Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ' Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .
Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?
OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?
I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?
OK then . Well , I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday .
No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?
So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?
Would you be able to relocate ?
What are your annual salary requirements ?
I ' ll keep that in mind . Thank you for coming in today . We ' ll be in touch .
Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .
Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?
I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?
I knew there would be a few choices , but this selection is huge !
That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .
Oh ! You took the guesswork right out of that one .
I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .
It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .
Do you have any product that controls frizz ?
Thank you !
Would you pour me some of that tea , please ?
Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .
It's the circus .
Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .
Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .
Why are you acting so strange today ?
That's weird !
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .
Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled " On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy " and it was published in China Daily .
Hi there , everyone . We hope you're having a good night !
The night is young , folks . Get some food and mingle with those faces from yesterday .
But for now , the band is playing the songs from our senior year . Get out on that dance floor !
Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .
Okay . First , go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street .
Then , walk three blocks to Second Avenue an turn right . Are you with me so far ?
Then , walk two more blocks an you ' ll see City Hall on the left . Have you got all that ?
What's up ?
I'm having a party this Friday .
I wanted to see if you wanted to come .
Doing what ?
I really wanted you to come , but I understand .
I'll hold you to that .
I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?
Is it so simple ?
It's true .
That's all ?
Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .
Then I'll see you in the afternoon .
Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .
What else do I need to do ?
I ' m going to be moving out soon .
There ' s no way that I can stay here .
I don ' t understand why .
Why can ' t I have it back ?
You have to give it back to me .
But I ' m not able to live here anymore .
Can I have my check , please .
May son adores my new hairstyle so I suppose it is worth it .
Thank you .
Wow , it's surprising . So what do I get ?
Probably not . Doing that will probably take another three hours which I can't afford now .
You mean I should make an appointment ahead of time ?
Got it . Bye for now .
I am sorry , but I can't lend it to you now , for I haven't finished reading it . If you don't mind , I can lend you some back numbers to you .
No , it is a fortnightly . So , you see , I can get the new one quite soon .
Yes , I do . I also use an anti-spyware program and a firewall . There are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . You have to be very c
I usually run it every few days . It finds a virus about half the time .
Have you tried this one ? It ' s very good and you can download it for free on the internet . You can also download updates for free .
Just a minute ... go to this one . I ' ll send you an email with the line in it . It only takes a few minutes to download . Then you have to go through the set up procedures . But they are not complicated .
I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ' t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using a computer program , you
A :: You must be Wily . It's nice to meet you .
A :: Tim , please . Please be seated .
A :: So , Wily , you have been with IBM for two years , ready for change ?
Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?
I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .
What are your rates ?
I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?
Thank you very much .
Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .
I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .
Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes .
Yes , yes . Everything's fine . Thank you very much , Becky .
I need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .
One pair of 37 , and two pairs of 21 . One for me , and the other two for two kids .
Thanks . Well , those two kids are beginners . What should I do about their safety ?
Oh , yeah , maybe I should ask them just to walk along the railings .
OK . Anything else ?
Got it . Thanks for reminding me . And , are there any intensive training courses ?
Mike , you're late again .
Do you think I believe the story like that ?
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time .
You'd better .
Something important ?
Tickets ? What tickets ?
Air tickets ?
We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?
Yes . So ?
Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .
Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?
Sorry .
Our 10th wedding anniversary ?
Darling . I think you have made a mistake .
Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .
Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
Since you have booked . Then let ' s celebrate our wedding anniversary before hand .
No , thank you . Check , please .
Here are $ 40 . Keep the change . That's my tip for you .
How to do it ?
How long will it take to reach the buffet ?
The line sure does move fast .
OK . I like that green vegetable but I don't know how to call it .
All right .
Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .
Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .
I think so . It sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun .
What time does the party start ?
Oh , well , how many people has she given invites to so far ?
Well , hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today .
The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .
Great . Welcome to our company .
Can you please tell me where you are located ?
Thank you , I know where that is .
Hello , John .
How about tomorrow at 11 o'clock ?
Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .
The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .
Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?
You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .
I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
Seriously ?
Have you seen this news article ? Apparently an organization has made a list to name the new seven wonders of the world and people could vote for them online .
Well , the Great Wall of China , the Taj Mahal in India .
Cool ! Also amongst the winners is Petra , in Jordan , Mach Pitch in Peru and the pyramid in Chichenitza in Mexico .
Well , let's see if we can find some cheap airfare and we can go towards the end of the year .
Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room .
My name is John Sandals .
I'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 .
How much per night are we talking about ?
That price is perfectly acceptable .
Nonsmoking , please .
That sounds fine .
Certainly . My phone number is 626-555-1739 .
Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking . May I take your order ?
We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ?
Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?
Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free !
wait ! ! I need your address !
Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?
That sounds good . At the moment I spend ages queuing at the post office to pay my bills .
It depends on the time of year . At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round , for example , cleaning . We run a very tight operation !
Sometimes we use a local employment agency . It depends on the job .
Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?
That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef ?
Good choice !
Well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .
Anything else ?
Another flight attendant is coming down the aisle with coffee and tea .
I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?
I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .
I'm afraid not .
What is the interest rate on your card ?
That's very expensive !
How does the bank bill its customers for credit card charges ?
Does the card provide any other benefits ?
You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much ?
You're kidding !
Wow ! How often do you exercise like that ?
Oh , I hardly ever exercise . I usually just watch TV in my free time . I guess I'm a real couch potato !
No , I don't think we have .
How do you do ? My name is James Green .
And here's mine .
And I'm glad to meet you , too .
Mr . Smith , please .
What time do you expect him back then ?
No , thanks . I will call back later .
OK . Thank you . Goodbye .
Yes , I need some traveler's checks .
Three thousand US dollars .
Yes , here you go .
It's all the same to me .
Thanks .
I need you to tell me what the problem is .
Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?
Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?
Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?
I will be coming by around 10 this morning . If you aren ' t there , I ' ll just use my key .
It's more violent than TV news !
Nine-thirty .
No time . That's their headlights in the window !
Little dude , your life is over !
How old is Keith ?
He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .
He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
How do you want to spend your old age ?
Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?
But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?
It's just a piece of paper , you think that they can tell if I am a well-rounded person by looking at it ?
Why not come over to work in my company ?
Tell me what you need .
We are approaching the top of the mountain .
Yes , you can have a bird's-eye view of the whole city .
Of course . We will stay there for half an hour and you can do your own business .
I just stayed at home and watched TV .
yes , it was a very evenly matched game .
it ended in a tie .
it was three all .
if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .
their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .
how many more games are left this season ?
when do the playoffs start ?
of course ! I really love watching football games on TV .
sure , that would be great .
how are you ?
That ' s for sure . You ' re new , too , huh ?
Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .
Here is my receipt .
It's too small for me to wear .
No thanks . I want to have a refund .
Oh , so many kinds of winter hats .
Red .
May I try it on ?
Is there a mirror around here ?
Does it suit me ?
How much is it ?
That's quite reasonable .
May I ask you something ?
How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?
I'm trying to get my license .
Can I do all six hours in one day ?
That's all I have to do ?
Well , that's a relief .
Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .
Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?
Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?
It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?
Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully .
I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .
Here you are . You left the medicine here .
I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .
Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .
It depends . It's true that you can take some for prevention .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .
Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
How much do you think the rent will be ?
I have a terrible toothache .
This one here .
Can you fill it ?
Then I might as well have it done now .
May I have a look at that vase , please ?
Oh , it's really nice , but to tell the truth , that's far too expensive .
Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?
Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with ?
What do landlords charge for rent ?
There are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment .
I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me .
Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?
I appreciate the building so much . I am wondering if you could take a picture of me against the building .
The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge .
Why is the price so high ?
Model of computers aren't compatible ?
Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .
True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge .
This model has advanced technoledge , superior components , it is compact , and it's a top-quality product .
What kind of permanent would you like to have ?
Oh , yeah , It ' s quite of variety . Regular , cold perm , straight perm , pink curl and form .
Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?
I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .
No , no . I've got plenty left .
What am I going to do about souvenirs ?
Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
Please ! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ?
That doesn't sound too bad .
Maybe that's what I'll do . Thanks a lot .
I'd like to order breakfast , please .
Two muffins and a cup of coffee . Will it take long ?
How are you ?
How may I help you ?
What ' s the problem ?
How much ?
What were you supposed to write it out for ?
I ' ll just cancel it for you right now .
Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?
Would you care for a drink before you order ?
Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
I ' m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?
Thank you so much . Is this the desk for BA flight 123 to London ?
The suitcase , that ' s all . Except my handbag . Of course .
Is there a receipt ?
What must I do next ?
It's time for bed .
It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .
Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .
You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?
An excellent idea . Work now and play later .
No , now it's bedtime .
Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?
I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .
Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?
Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .
I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .
May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?
Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ' d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .
Oh , look ! That was the one there . That is the sort of thing I was looking for . But it's not quite the color .
There it is . That is the pattern ! The set behind you . Thank goodness , they haven't been sold . And thank you so much for being so patient with me . Yes , those are the ones .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .
But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .
Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?
Impossible . How about 5 % off ?
So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .
I see . Oh , I know what I wanted to ask . How much should I tip this guy ?
Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?
Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?
Economy or Business Class ?
It will be $ 850 .
No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?
Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?
No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic
Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .
Yes , you can , but you will have to pay a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation .
On Trans Pacific international flights , each ticketed passenger is permitted a maximum of two checked bags with a maximum weight per checked bag of 70 pounds .
Thank you for the compliment and for calling G . O . T . Travel Agency . Have a nice trip !
Well , I ' ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .
Fine . I ' ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday .
Thank you . But it is too bright for me .
Let me try it on . I like that color .
But it is too loose . Do you have the smaller size ?
What a pity !
How much would you like to borrow ?
Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems .
Our monthly interest is 1 . 5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out the application the form ?
When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant .
I wouldn't mind having one myself ...
OK !
Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?
That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .
A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .
We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .
Hello .
No , Lily is not here at the moment .
Sure . What ' s your number , please .
Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?
You ' re welcome . Bye .
So what do you think of my new dress ?
Um , ninety-five dollars ?
I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
I don't know , I just saw the dress and thought about how pretty it looks and how much I wanted it . I guess I was too impulsive .
I did . Why ?
No , I didn't . I'm sorry . It won't happen again .
No , I don't suppose he's to blame . The man in the other car made a mistake .
In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner .
Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes .
That's because the fashion , taste and social customs and so on vary considerably .
Well , we should be in accordance with national conditions and adjust the product .
I hate doing the damn laundry .
I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?
Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?
Thanks a lot .
Where are you heading now ?
Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?
You mean we'll share the taxi ?
Well . Don ' t worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you .
My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?
Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .
Twenty .
Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .
English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .
Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .
I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .
I have passed the CET - 4 and 6 . As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .
That dress is very pretty . Why don ' t you like it ?
We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ?
What style do you want ?
Oh , I see . How about the color ?
I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?
I really feel like having a big juicy steak !
I didn't know you were a vegetarian !
A what ?
Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !
How do you feel about that restaurant ?
What did you dislike the most ?
Did you think that the food was any good ?
The service certainly could have been better .
Is this a restaurant that you want to come back to ?
Let me see your passport . Is London your final destination ?
How long are you going to stay here ?
Do you have any dutiable items ?
What are these ?
I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .
I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .
Wouldn ' t the owners have told me about any problems ?
Can I require the owners to fix the problems ?
What did you find out when you did the inspection of my new home ?
How you celebrate your Valentine ' s Day with your wife ?
Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .
My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep .
What can I do for you today ?
What do you need to know ?
It depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the course .
You're going to need to complete six hours .
You can do two hours a day for three days .
Yes , that's all you need to do .
Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?
OK . I'll get the bellman to taka them up . Which bags are yours ?
OK .
I'll let the bellboy know . Don't worry , he's very strong .
Of course .
About 50 miles .
No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
But it ' s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .
Actually , uh , I made it myself ...
Sorry , but I've gotta run . Enjoy your food , and ring the service button if you need anything else !
With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .
Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
Okay , so we're agreed on 900 .
Let's shake on it .
May I help you ?
You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .
Your total comes to $ 7 .
Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .
Well , the Type B Account is very restricted . If your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your Settlement Account , I would recommend the Type A Account for you .
Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?
It sounds like you're coming down with something .
I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ?
You can use quarters , dimes and nickels .
May I see your ticket please ?
Any form of picture I . D . will do .
That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?
Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?
Ok . Mr . Lee , you ' re all set . Your flight leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30
I graduated from Peking University .
I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .
I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork .
We'd better not move him . I'll get the first-aider .
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .
You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time .
Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?
Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .
You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .
Sounds reasonable .
And fruits !
I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?
I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
What's your main range ?
I am interested in your flying pigeon bicycles . I think some of these items will find a ready market in Canada . But what our customers appreciate most is a reliable product .
Then I'd like to know your availability of the products and the terms of sales , such as mode of payment , delivery , discounts , etc .
Well , you know , the traffic in Beijing is sometimes dangerous . Therefore , I have to remind you of something . First , you should obey the traffic rules , don't break in the red light . Second , don't play a joke with your friends when riding on the bike . Third , do not hurry up when riding , or would make an accident . Finally , remember come on the left and go on the right !
You have a lovely house , Jack .
That's too bad . What problems are you having .
I've studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions ?
Well , I think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room , and maybe some new drapes for the windows . Also , a grandfather clock would look great in the den . Perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room
You are welcome , Jack . Glad to be of help .
Nice to see you with us , Anne . Please make yourself at home .
Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?
I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?
Where is the fitting room ?
I'm a little nervous .
You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?
Just in case , right ?
Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?
When is your flight ?
we are checking in . May I have your ticket and your health certificate and your luggage please .
Are you keeping the small bag as carry-on luggage , sir ?
You must weigh that as well .
Your luggage is two pounds over . I ' m afraid They'll be in excess luggage charge , Sir .
It ' s ten yuan .
This is your luggage check Which You must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .
Now , please wait until your flight is called . There's about twenty-five minutes to go .
There ' s nothing at all to worry about . Once you are in the air , it ' s just like sitting at your sitting room . It ' s going to be a very pleasant flight .
Yes , please .
Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .
This will be fine , thanks .
Thank you .
What is your problem ?
You need not always do that . Why don ' t you pat them on the back occasionally ?
Sorry , sir . That table has been booked .
Actually you can have a window seat if you don't mind a ten-minute wait .
I'm hungry .
Where should we go eat today ?
I never bought food from the cafeteria .
What do they have ?
Well , I want Chinese food .
I guess we can eat there then .
Hi , who has the remote control ?
Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more .
Put it on Channel 5 , OK ?
Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme .
A basketball match between Chinese team and American team .
It might begin now .
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .
You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it .
Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .
Your check will arrive a little late .
Yes , I am .
How do you do ?
It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
Thank you . I'm sure I will have a wonderful time here .
Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?
Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .
180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
Hello , Oriental Hotel .
I'm sorry , Mr . Baker is not in . May I take a message ?
All right , Mr . Cook . I'll have Mr . Baker call you back as soon as he gets here .
Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .
I start work at three .
I get home pretty late , around midnight .
I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !
They don't really think you took it , do they ?
How many of them were there ?
Like what ?
What on earth has that got to do with some money disappearing ?
Oh well , that's it . They obviously think you're a desperate criminal and you have to steal to eat . I should think you'll get thirty years .
What a mess !
What can I do for you ?
We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?
I see , sir . This one is very good .
You may rest assured . It sells well .
Certainly . Here it is .
Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?
It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?
That's what I want ! Do you need me to sign anything ? Or fill in some forms ?
Perfect . Thank you , goodbye !
Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .
No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it .
You are welcome
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .
Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .
Sure . I ' ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?
It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?
It means that we will arrive on the same day .
Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ?
How far is it from our hotel ?
If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?
I need a taxi , please .
No , thanks . A taxi is just fine .
I don't want anything except a taxi , thank you .
Rockefeller Center .
The sooner the better .
Great ! And remember , a taxi , not a limo .
It's your turn now , Helen .
This is your song . I picked it for you .
Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .
I think it's a piece of cake for you .
Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day .
I hope so . Thank you for saying so .
Sure , what is the problem ?
I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .
Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .
You can take an antihistamine .
You are welcome . Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help .
Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .
We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .
Yes , that would be great . How much is the room ?
Does the bathroom have a bath or a shower ?
Does the room have an Internet connection ?
Excellent . Do you serve breakfast in the hotel ?
That's great . Can I book the room ?
John ? It ' s Susan Miller .
Do you know where that memo about office procedures is ? I want to give my secretary a copy .
Sir what's the boarding time ?
I don't want to miss my flight .
Thank you .
No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !
Do you know a lot about cars ?
Please . Thank you so much for stopping .
That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .
You do ?
I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .
What kind of deal ?
You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?
If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ?
It's a deal , Hal . Thanks again for stopping to help . And thanks for smashing my car !
What are the allowances ?
Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company ?
Will our company have some recreational activities ?
I will take it . How much ?
I am sure you can do better than that .
Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?
Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?
I don't think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes .
I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .
The information is scanty for me . And can you describe the responsibilities of the position ?
How would you like your hair set ?
Shall I put some oil on ? B
I'm glad to see you !
Yes , I know .
Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ?
It sounds great !
OK .
How long will the induction training be ?
I see .
OK .
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
Thank you .
I'd love to .
OK .
Let me help you .
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .
If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .
This is our counter-offer .
So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .
Agreed .
I usually have cereal for breakfast .
Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up .
Is that right ?
With cold milk ?
I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .
It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?
Certainly .
Our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir .
Sir , one copy is ten cents .
You probably won't have to wait for anyone , sir .
Thanks , Jim . I didn ' t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .
Well , thanks for the compliment anyway !
Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park .
The whole stadium is to be finished this June .
Oh , there are 5000 seats in total .
It is ! Look there , those are the tracks . And the jumping pit is over there .
We put many signs with English translations for foreign visitors .
OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .
Well , maybe you could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .
So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?
That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .
Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
Totally agree . By the way , the number of the telephone on your desk is extension 506 . You can pick up your office supplies from the supply room at the end of the corridor .
Yes , that ' s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .
Yes that ' s right . I ' Ve always enjoyed studying . My friends say I ' m a bit of a bookworm , but my father always pushed us to succeed academically .
Well I ' Ve always been keen on writing , so I became the editor for the University student magazine , which I really loved . Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter , to help the homeless in York .
Providing warm meals and shelter , especially in the winter months . I found it really fulfilling to be part of that group .
Yes , okay .
What would you like ?
Anything else ?
Now , what seems to be the trouble ?
Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?
I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .
Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .
Yes , I have , but it doesn ' t help me very much . I ' m not very good at reading maps .
More or less . I go to three different buildings , and always get there late . I feel so hopeless . I don ' t know why I am late all the time . No one else seems to be .
Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .
T112 to Washington please .
That's Lincoln .
I can ' t wait to vote .
The person I ' m voting for is the best .
He is very intelligent .
That ' s right . Plus , I agree with his policies .
I ' m voting for the next President .
I ' m going to make sure and vote .
Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .
What's the 14 pounds for ?
Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?
Here you are .
Sure .
Thank you . Goodbye .
I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive .
I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment .
The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior .
I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react .
I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed .
I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week .
I changed my open office hours because several of my employees found it difficult to visit me except in the early mornings .
Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !
Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .
What did he say ?
He shouldn't drive his car . He should come here by bus .
Some what ?
No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
Do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us ?
It takes most of our weekends to listen to these boring lectures , so I can not bear it anymore . It is said that they think out some tests to check our management skills .
Definitely !
Hello sir , how may I help you ?
I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?
Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
Get out of my store , you jerk !
I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel .
I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .
Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list .
Right now I show that there are 176 people on the list . And you are number 176 .
I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .
It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it's harder to make peace between countries .
You still have not given me those files I ' Ve asked you for .
I really don ' t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ' re running a busy office here . You ' re going to have to keep up .
What sort of job would you like to take ?
We need an operator now .
I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .
And it takes up all the news .
It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .
I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?
Sure . No problem .
Sure . Do you have my number ?
No problem . I'll wait for your call .
I'm working on my resume .
Yeah , I just got some good information off the internet .
I didn ' t just find out about one job . There were several ones that looked good .
Sure you have to be patient . But I think it ' s much less trouble to sit in front of a computer than to go door to door or to make a lot of phone calls .
How do you know if you don ' t have a try ?
Is this the one you want ?
Here you are .
It's a ruby . It is from South Africa . Would you like to try it on ?
It costs $ 200 .
Happy birthday , Jim !
Here is a present for you . I hope you like it .
I'm very glad to hear that .
What's wrong with you ? You look pale .
When did the trouble start ?
It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .
Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '
Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .
The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .
I'm giving you some antibiotics and aspirins . Take an aspirin when you've got a fever , and take one antibiotic capsule every four hours , and go home and rest in bed for two days . Drink plenty of water , then you'll feel better . Here's the prescription .
You can be sure of that , sir .
I called HP about my computer .
They said I need a new hard drive .
It's not too much , only about $ 85 .
No , my hard drive is easy to remove and replace .
Yes , it's just a couple of screws .
It's a lot better than paying someone $ 60 .
Gosh , it's 7:30 , I'll miss the first class .
Yes , Mum .
I ' m worried about my daughter . She can ' t decide about college .
I don ' t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .
But I just want to give her some tips .
I guess you are right .
I hope so .
Yes . I feel refreshed .
In half an hour . The surface of the lake is calm .
that was a really good meal , Gordon .
well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .
let's see how much the bill is .
what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .
no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .
that's better . This way we will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , you would probably have to walk .
you've got a deal .
bye .
Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?
Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .
And Seattle is the home of Microsoft and Boeing . That must be a great place . I can't miss it .
You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it .
The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .
Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .
Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .
The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next .
I know that you like this house , but let ' s take a look at the others before you make up your mind .
l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .
Yes . Bring me a bath towel as well .
Can I make a reservation for flight FW58 to San Marino ?
Next Monday .
What's the fare for a first class seat ?
Oh . I am not a wall streeter . Give me an economy one please .
Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .
And I can purchase that here ?
Are there any beds vacant ?
I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
Well , that's fine .
That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .
Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t
Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .
Is there anything I can do for you now ?
Certainly , sir .
Marry Lin please .
All right , could I leave a message ?
Please ask her to call John .
Well , that's what I'm looking for myself .
Absolutely . Oh , do you see a sign there ?
OK . Let's go and see .
Well , sir , I think I have made a mistake . I will take it back to the kitchen right now .
Yes , sir . I'm really so sorry about that .
Look , Sally . I ' Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .
Well . I ' m sorry you feel that way .
Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?
Want to go see a movie tonight ?
Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ?
There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer .
Oh great ! Sounds like something I need to bring Kleenex to !
Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache .
I'm worried that everything will be chaotic !
You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...
Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?
Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .
Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?
What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .
OK , I promise . What is it ?
Oh , Jim . I told you . No pets . It'll make a mess of this house .
No way . It might belong to somebody else . You can't keep it here .
All right . But you have to clean up everything it messes up .
I was wondering if you could help me with something .
Actually , it ' s a little bit silly .
What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?
Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .
Let me write all that down . I ' m going shopping this afternoon .
It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .
Yes . And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis .
Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?
Well , everything really .
Let's do something outdoors today .
Okay . what do you want to do ?
All right . That sounds like fun .
I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently . You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .
The last thing to be ignored at a Chinese dinner table is to keep modest .
No , absolutely not ! On the contrary , you'll be considered a well-connected , sociable man , if you keep involved in the conversation all the time . But always pay attention to what you say . If the table has a senior guest , say something as upbeat and cheerful as possible . Or maybe , you may give the floor to him and keep listening as if very interested .
Correct . Show respect for the older people . Conventionally , before the meal starts , the younger members are supposed to address each one of the elderly members of the table one by one . Others are kept in waiting until the most venerable guest proclaim the beginning of the meal and takes the first bite . Toasts also go to these men first before people can toast to each other .
Yes , plenty of them . Don't eat fast ! People usually keep their dining pace accorded with others . And all the dishes should not be eaten up completely .
Haha , I'm afraid it's simply because no one wishes to be too noticeable by finishing off the plate .
We will need new cartridges for all of the office printers ? That will be a large order , probably about two or three cases . The office supply store we usually go through might not have that many in stock .
OK , I will make a few calls and run our order by housekeeping first to make sure . Is there anything else we need to order while I am at it ?
OK , will do .
What size do you want ?
How about this one ? It's the latest design .
May I help you ?
What size do you wear ? These shoes are on sale .
Of course , yes . They look nice . And they're not expensive .
They are $ 168 .
A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ?
Well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals .
Making a decision to start over is not an easy thing to do . It seems that you need this course more than I do . I love my current job . If I take this course , I hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at work . If they can give suggestions about how to boost work relationships , that will be great . I need these to improve my current work performance .
Who's it knocking at the door ?
All right . I'll get it .
No , we don't .
Six , including two kids .
Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .
Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ?
Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?
How will I know what the numbers mean ?
How can I see test results from tests I have taken before ?
This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .
What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .
What's your proposal ?
Do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? That's impossible !
The best we can do is another 30 dollars off . That's definitely the lowest we can go .
OK . We can meet halfway again .
Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ?
Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?
Oh , you mean Canal Street ?
Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ?
I cannot get hold of her yet .
See you later .
Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .
Well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ' re not allowed to use lead in our products any more .
We try not to because you might have to pay quite a heavy fine .
That's the best there is .
That'll be $ 200 , sir .
Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?
What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?
What are the internal factors that influence the company ?
I don ' t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .
He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ' t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ' t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .
Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .
It ' s easy to say , but I will try .
I know my parents sometimes threaten to punish him . But this doesn ' t work , instead he picks up another bad habit .
Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .
Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .
Sure .
That would be very nice . Thank you .
did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?
yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .
they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .
did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
Next , please .
Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .
How much do you like to exchange ?
In what denominations ?
Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .
OK , wait for a moment . Well , I am sorry , but we are not authorized to exchange coins because it is low and we do not have enough foreign coins . In this case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs .
Please sign the memo on the bottom and keep your money and memo .
Why are you holding me in this jail cell ?
I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?
Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .
And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
But very much quicker . But I know we'll never agree on this subject . You prefer the car . I prefer the train .
I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .
Yes , that is one of the houses that we have on our list .
I am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here .
I really appreciate that the listing agent provided water on such a hot day .
Is the current asking price listed on the flyer ?
Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?
A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...
Isn't this the car store ?
Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
I'm sorry to have bothered you .
How about going to the cinema tonight ?
I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .
Don't you think it's too bloody ?
Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ' t make it on that day .
My appointment was on Monday .
It was for 10
I would prefer next Thursday .
I want to come in at 2
Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?
Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem ?
Ms Anderson , my name is Mike . I am Division Chief of ABC Company . Welcome to Toronto .
A pleasure meeting you as well , the flowers are for you .
I am really interested in buying this television .
How much are you selling it for ?
You can't be serious .
That's too expensive for me .
You can't go down on the price .
I'll buy it for $ 2000 .
Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?
Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?
Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?
What ' s this sir ?
What are these red things sir ?
I ' m sorry sir , but you can ' t take any of this into the country . We will also have to check your carry-on . Please step this way . Don ' t ' be nervous ; we ' ll just look through it briefly and then
Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .
He will be back at about seven o'clock .
Yes , certainly .
All right . I'll tell him when he comes back .
Hey , son , are you insured ?
I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .
I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .
You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?
A $ 100 000 policy shouldn't be too expensive . Here , call my agent . He'll give you a good deal .
Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .
Not at all , Susan . Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ' s finished with it
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Good morning , Passport , please .
Ah , thank you . Please bring your luggage here for inspection .
It's just a regular inspection . Do you have anything to declare ?
Well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free . You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one .
Please wait a minute . I'll make out the duty memo ... Here you are . Take this and pay to the woman over there .
Very well . I hope you ' ll enjoy your stay in America .
Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .
Yes , I ' m satisfied with this job .
Pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable .
Don ' t worry about that . You just pay more attention to the details of people ' s action in life , and you will know how to transfer information by their body language .
Hello , welcome to Universal Bank . Please insert your card into the slot .
Please input your 6 digit PIN code followed by the pound key . Thank you . Please select an option . Thank you . You have selected withdrawal .
Please type the amount you would like to withdraw . Thank you , you want to transfer 10000 USD to the World Wildlife Foundation . If this is correct please press 1 .
Confirmed . Thank you for using our bank ! Please remove your card from the slot . Goodbye !
Danger , danger ! The exits have been sealed and the doors will remain locked in until the local authorities arrive . Thank you for using our bank . Have a nice day .
I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?
I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?
OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?
I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
That's a chick flick !
First , I'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations .
I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ' t think we should use an agency , because they won ' t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of
Why didn ' t we choose an office in the CBD ?
Yes . We ' Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month .
Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .
Yes , it has . We ' re going to target the business community through business magazines .
Good afternoon . what can I do for you ?
May I have your key please ?
Here is your valuable . Is that right ?
did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ?
well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .
no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .
religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .
I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .
I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . Men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand .
Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .
Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .
You say that now , Lily , but you'll thank me later . I'm your mom , and mother knows best .
Sorry , we haven't made the decision at all .
We will let you know probably next Monday . I hope to give you a positive reply .
How did you find your apartment ?
What if I need a roommate ?
How much do apartments cost around here ?
I just need a one-bedroom apartment .
Would you come with me to look at apartments ?
Have you heard what happened ?
Deborah already had her baby .
I thought you knew .
The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
Will you go and visit them ?
I just wanted to give you the good news .
How silly of you to jump out of the window !
Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .
Maybe the situation is too urgent .
I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .
What foods do you eat now ?
Those are the only things you eat ?
Why aren't you eating anything else ?
And the chicken ?
I guess that does sound a lot healthier .
Good morning ! Welcome to our office !
Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .
Well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! Just ask me if you need any help .
You are welcome .
Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .
I mostly did advertising planning .
I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .
The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities . Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact to success . If I want to make in marking in advertising industry , I can ' t stop studying and creating .
Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .
Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ' s why the parking lot was flooded .
Do you have anything to do after this ?
Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
I know a very interesting place .
Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?
Then let's go in .
I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .
Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?
What's he trying to pull anyway .
Maybe you should start seeing someone else .
I can't believe how hot it is .
That means it will get hotter .
Turn on the air conditioner .
What happened ?
Did you call the repairman ?
When is he coming ?
Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy .
This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good .
Would you like another beer ?
Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers !
I have a complaint to make . The bill you sent me was incorrect . What's more , it isn't the first time
Don't you think it's about time you got them working properly ?
What's the weather forecast for today ?
Any rain ?
I wouldn't either . It's been looking like rain for several days .
Oh , yes , I am . I have always wanted to go to the States . I love meeting new people . And making new friends .
Well , there's one thing .
I'm a little worried about my host family . You know , in the agreement I have to do some cooking for them .
Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ?
No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years .
Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .
Right . Let's help each other .
I'm not certain . Do you know ?
In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?
Who invented the electric light bulb ?
Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?
Ask me a question now .
That's easy . It's .. er . Venus . NO . Pluto . No . Wait a minute . It's Anthe tip of my tongue . Oh dear , what is the nearest planet to the sun ?
You bought a compact car ?
Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive .
I love it . It's so festive ! And where did you get that cup ? It's got the same logo .
Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?
Don ' t lose your reason . Go to find him and talk with him .
You have much patience .
Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .
This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
No . I never sell my artwork .
I give it away . Here , this one is for you .
Remember , real luck must be created ( by ) yourself , and then it cannot be given or taken away ...
Very romantic ?
You married him for that reason ?
It seldom rains this summer .
Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .
It is serious .
Me too .
She does have a heart of gold .
Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !
Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !
Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
Can I help you , sir ?
Would you tell me the name of the book and the author ?
I'm sorry . It's out of stock now . Could you come by again next week ?
Well , then , is it convenient to leave your phone number so that I can inform you as soon as we restock it ?
You're welcome .
Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How ' Ve you been ?
Not bad . It really is great to see you again . Where have you been ?
I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help !
Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !
It's about a girl . No , an angel ! I'm going to the coffee shop where she works right now .
Yes , may I help you ?
What is your reservation number ?
Let me see . Oh , yes , we have your reservation number .
I ' m sorry to say no .
What kind of gas does this car take ?
I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?
That is the pump you are in front of .
It is the most expensive .
Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .
I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .
Mary , it's good to see you !
I am so glad that you decided to stop by !
Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?
How about a little snack then ?
Well then , how is your family ?
Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .
Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !
So find a guy to marry and you can get one !
Oh , I see . You're going to wear one and pretend you're married to try to attract guys .
Congratulation . What will you do ?
That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do .
Good . I'll do it .
Only once or twice at the most .
I have no idea .
You can have a bird view of Guiling City from the top of the mountain .
You should . Many Guiliners , especially the old and the young , will climb mountains here in the morning .
Quick ! Pass me your binoculars . Look at that bird ... I've never seen one of those before . It's indigenous to Guiling , and an endangered species too . This is lucky !
I don't really . I just like wildlife , and you don't get to see too much of it in the city . This place is full of it .
Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .
Yeah , I saw that . I thought you were playing a game with them .
Um , Holly ? Look behind you . They're coming this way .
of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .
how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?
yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ...
Exactly .
How ?
But what about tomorrow ? What if Stars . com decides to go with WebTracker , and not us ?
All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ...
Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?
Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ?
Same difference . What's this ?
I hope we'll get together again soon .
Thank you .
Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife .
But now you are rich .
This is ordinary marriage life .
Don ' t be kidding , OK ?
Because I have given him up as a bad job . Our relation has been over .
Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
That's a problem .
It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?
I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .
Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?
What kind of music do you prefer then ?
Not really . I don't think pop music has much depth .
How long have you been in to pop music , then ?
Not really . When I was little , we didn't really listen to music at all .
Well , when I was about 10 years old , I started playing the piano . I think that's how it all started .
Yes , it's one of my hobbies .
Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall .
He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help .
Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night
This is no laughing matter , Nick .
He watch the tob too much . Now really I don't know . But I can't handle this much longer .
You're from New York , aren't you ?
What do you suggest I should see in New York ?
No , I don't like museums . They're boring .
Ah ! That sounds interesting .
It's Gone With the Wind .
I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
Is it very interesting ?
If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
That's a good idea . Let's go !
Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?
You forgot all of about it , didn't you ?
How can you be so sure ?
Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller ?
Yes , but I have never taken his class before .
Yes , that's what I need .
Yes , I guess so .
Yes , I had a teacher like that before .
No , I didn't , but that could be a good thing .
Honey , what's wrong with you ?
Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .
The doctors and the nurses will help you . And I will be waiting for you right here , praying for you and our baby .
The weather is terrible .
I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .
I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .
I'm getting pretty bored . We should do something despite the rain .
I haven't been to the Mall in a long time . Let's go there .
Great . I'll stop by your place now .
Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?
Yes , I am applying on it .
Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .
Well , if you think you are ready , I'll let you enroll .
... so , I said , let ' s take a break . And since that night , I ' Ve been waiting for him to call , but I still haven ' t heard from him . You don ' t think he ' s seeing someone else , do you ?
You think so ? Oh , no ! How can he do this to me ? I ' m sure he ' s cheating on me ! Why else wouldn ' t he call ?
He ' s the love of my life ! I ' Ve really messed this up .
But I ... I still love him ! And it ' s all my fault ! I can ' t believe how immature and selfish I was being . I mean , he is a firefighter , it ' s not like he can just leave someone in a burning building and meet me for dinner . I ' Ve totally messed this up !
No , this is not gonna happen ! I ... I ' Ve ruined everything ...
what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .
oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .
come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?
well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us ?
not very far from here . We'll fly . It's about one and a half hours .
there is a large canyon , vast grasslands , ancient forests and mountain lakes .
yes , the scenery there is breathtaking . I have some pictures at home . You can come over and take a look if you like .
Did you have any kind of punishment in your life and studies ?
What was the reason ?
Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?
Really ? Wow with who ?
Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?
That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ?
I guess it does seem logical . I'll have to check it out !
Stay for dinner with us .
Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me .
Goodbye . Thank you again for coming .
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ?
Okay ...
What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ?
So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ?
Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me .
Laura ...
Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .
I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .
You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is ?
Yes , that's in the past . Maybe I need to go to my psychologist for help .
I was full of ambitions before . But now I have no aim for my career .
That sounds interesting . But I don't know how to do that .
A training course ? That must be costly .
OK , let's have a try .
Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?
Yes . What did you think of it ?
Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?
Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?
Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?
I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !
My friend Jean is very beautiful .
Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .
Dark blue .
I'm going to buy a CD .
Then I will have to pay quite a lot to listen to music on line , isn't it ?
I have downloaded one , but it still can't be listened .
Can you recommend some to me ?
Can I download it ?
I'll try it tonight .
Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .
He asked me how long it took me to learn English .
Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .
You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .
I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .
Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .
He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .
Could you tell me the origin of the Dragon-Boat Festival ?
I see . Did they succeed in the end ?
What can I do for you today ?
Do you have your library card ?
There is a wait for the computers .
You need to print your name on this list .
Once a computer is available , I will let you know .
All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .
how are you doing , Christopher ?
are you doing anything this weekend ?
are you available on Sunday ?
ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?
it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .
we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .
do you like surfing ?
we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !
you'll just need roughly $ 10 for food and gas money . My friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money .
we'll pick you up at your place at noon . Be there or be square !
It'll take us all some time to get used to the change .
Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .
Learning any language takes a lot of effort . But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .
Does he mean I am inquisitive or I ' m noisy ?
Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .
My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?
Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions ?
I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl .
It sounds marvelous . Thank you for your help .
Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .
Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?
The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away , Yi-jun !
Well , I've been looking forward to seeing you .
I'd love a gin and tonic .
Sure , what's the author's name , please .
Charles Dickens ?
OK , do you know the title of the book ?
So , show me the note please .
Oh , such bad luck , sir . Can you please name the category of the book ?
OK , I'll search it for you . A moment , please .
How do you decide what grade we get ?
What is the most important factor ?
How can we keep track of our grades ?
What if we can't get to school ?
If we have a major problem , will you let us know ?
We're thinking about going to America .
There is that .
May I help you with something ?
I ' ll take them .
These books were due two weeks ago .
You will need to pay late fees on these books .
The fee is 25 cents every day .
And that ' s for each book that is late .
This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !
Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !
Try kicking your legs more . That ' s good . Don ' t go out too far !
Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !
It ' s right under you ! Kathy ! ! !
my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .
well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .
I would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ' t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood .
my husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great . Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t
we waited until our one-year anniversary to go on our honeymoon to Africa .
not at all , but we don ' t have a very traditional marriage either , so it suited us perfectly !
I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .
I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .
I know . I wonder what's keeping him .
Yeah , a number of times .
I don't know . But this is definitely the last straw .
You said it . Ok , let's go in , Sandy .
I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .
I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .
My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .
Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .
Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ' s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .
Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ?
Oh , that's good news for us .
First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits .
Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs .
Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal .
That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
Wise decision . You'll find it's totally worth it .
Not really . I could take it or leave it .
How can you do that ?
My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?
Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?
Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .
I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .
Why were you in Japan ?
That's pretty cool .
Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .
Ok .
Who ?
That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
Ok .
Eh , so so .
Nah , not too flashy .
I guess .
And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes !
Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first !
Oh no you didn ' t . You didn ' t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
Hello . Nice to see you again . I heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . I hope everything ' s OK .
I really dislike going to a doctor or to a hospital .
It must have really hurt afterwards .
I bet you were ready for a thick juicy steak when you got out of hospital .
Is there any pain now ?
Did they take good care of you in the hospital ?
How was the party ?
Hi , Monica , how is everything going ?
Why ? You ' re not satisfied anymore ?
That is important . Doing research on a company you are interested in will definitely help your application .
Ok , good luck to you .
Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .
He is more nice than wise .
Yes , is that you , Allen ?
Not bad .
Sure . Thank you very much .
Ok , see you .
The weather has been terrible this week .
Let's hope it clears up .
Yeah , I'm afraid so .
Yes , it is annoying .
Nothing particular . But , ...
I , I don't know how to explain it to you .
Yes , of course . But I'm afraid I can't tell you .
How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ' m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card .
Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please .
Thanks for your hospitality .
I'm terribly sorry to have caused you so much trouble .
Hey , what's new ?
Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me .
Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful .
But we have a date tonight ! You can't stay at home because of a stupid horoscope .
That sounds great . Where are you going ?
What should I bring ?
What do you think of doctor Thomson ?
How can you be so sure ?
Never believe his words .
I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .
Yeah , you're right . We'll never hear the end of it .
Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .
If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun .
Yes , I am .
Do you have a special restaurant in mind ?
OK . I'll be happy to join you .
The board has been considering introducing flex time .
Then our entire job could be done by telecommuting .
Yes .
I learned in college .
Thank you .
3 weeks .
Yes , she just got here yesterday .
No . I've never been there .
Yes . I went there once on a business trip .
I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age .
He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age .
The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .
They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .
I ' d be afraid to jump from that height !
It seems that they really enjoy trying to go faster , higher and further .
Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .
Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...
Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .
That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
Thank you .
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
But you should have told me you were in love with her .
You know you didn't .
Yes , but you might have told me before .
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?
Oh , you men ! You're all the same .
Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic .
How ' s it going ?
Do you need anything ?
What can I do for you ?
Did you check the periodicals ?
I ' ll show you where to find your article .
It ' s right this way .
How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .
No problem . Let's say 6:30 p . m . at the Royal Restaurant , OK ?
Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?
Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .
Why don't you take a few days off ?
Can you speak Japanese ?
Where did you learn it ?
How long have you been learning it ?
Can you speak any other languages ?
Good afternoon , Johnson .
Not bad , thanks .
God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?
They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .
You'd better pay more attention to your health .
You're welcome .
What happened ?
How did you find him at last ?
It must have taught you a lesson this time .
Why ? I think it ' s convenient and good .
Why should we run after the fashion ?
Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you ?
Then tell me what's good about it .
What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .
Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .
Yes , it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?
Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .
Thank you for your compliments . It sounds like you're a clothing expert .
Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?
Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .
That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ' s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?
I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .
I ' m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .
You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film .
How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?
Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .
How do you celebrate national day in your country ?
What kinds of parades are there ?
We don ' t have a national day .
I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ' t .
Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend ?
Where do your parents live ?
How about your mother ?
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Is your father still working ?
Do you have any family here ?
Do you have any brothers or sisters ?
Do you see them a lot ?
Hey , how was the show ?
Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .
What happened , John ?
Why do you look unhappy ?
Oh , cheer up . He ' ll understand you .
You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .
But I think Henry is a backroom boy . He always helps her with her study .
Hi , Tina , I ' Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising .
Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ?
No problem . See you !
Do you like ethnic food ?
Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?
I don't know . A friend of mine said I should try it .
As a matter of fact , he gave me this address .
Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique .
Actually , it's better ...
No . It was the only dish she wasn't good at . So we could use you as the new head chef ...
OK , OK . Get back to work . There's someone waiting for you in the kitchen ...
Five . My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .
He is five years older than me , He got married last Sunday . My brother and my sister-in-law are the same age .
I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced by Hollywood . A thriller , really .
I don't really like seeing bloody frames , but I appreciate the lifelike frames simulated with the highly skillful special effects .
No , I didn't . And you ? Was it good ?
How much was the ticket ?
Mary and Tom are breaking up .
Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
No , I don't think so . She said she would rather be single than cope with an unhappy marriage .
have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?
as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?
but you look quite proficient in using them now .
yes , table etiquette . There are a multitude of rules that foreigners might never know until they were told . Some practices even appear somewhat awkward or rude to Westerners , while they are the norm i
maybe you should have placed them horizontally over your bowl or plate . They resemble two incense sticks used at sacrifices . It's very inauspicious , and might enrage all present .
It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck .
I can't forget it .
Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction . You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .
Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .
I hate to go outside .
Why do you hate to go outside ?
I agree .
Rude people are everywhere .
You can yell at them .
Yelling doesn't do any good .
I had to announce his innocence in court today , but it left a nasty taste in my mouth .
I ' m not sure . I ' ll try to prove my feeling .
Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .
Yeah , those classics from the great writers .
Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .
He is too scared to ask her .
Good morning .
What does the paper say ?
Well , what ' s the weather report ?
Did they find those bank robbers ?
What about the sports page ? What were the scores of last night ' s games ?
I would wondering if you like to stay here for a few days .
Until next weekend . that ' s ok .
But Saturday is my birthday .
But it won ' t be on my birthday .
I hate computer games .
Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .
If boys grow up with computer games , they will surely become bad .
Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose ?
Then would you please go to a dance party with me ?
Oh , no . As a matter of fact , I haven't danced for a long time .
Thanks for flattering me . I think you dance a lot , right ?
What's your favorite dance ?
How about rock'n'roll ?
And the tango ?
Don't be so modest . I'm sure you can do it very well . Then I'll meet you at six . Is that at all right ?
Great ! I'm your lucky fellow then .
Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .
Yes , I like to make new friends .
We like to get together , chat and enjoy beautiful music .
Don't feel like it . I'm broke .
Just look around ? Nah , that ' s boring .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .
How about the new bar across the road ?
I agree , I had lunch there last week .
Hello , are you Chinese ?
I'm from America . Are you settling in all right ?
I live in my uncle's house . He came here ten years ago .
I think it's just a matter of getting used to it .
Why don't you watch where you're going ?
There was plenty of room for me to pull out . You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .
I think my arm is broken .
Listen , let's just wait until the police get here . Then we can decide whose fault this accident was .
I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side . Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?
It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .
Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .
It really hurts .
To hell with you . The accident was your fault .
To hell with you .
Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?
That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .
Forget it . I'll see you at 11:30 am .
And ?
Poor child !
What's your excuse this time ?
Yes , twice last week .
I don't think so . But it could've been .
I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?
Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
Hi , Becky , what's up ?
What's the problem ?
For example ?
No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun .
Gosh , you took all the word right out of my mouth . Let's go out and get crazy tonight .
Sure , but what do I wear ?
Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?
If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .
Around six pm .
No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
Great , have a good day , thanks again for the offer .
Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend
Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
Six thirty , tonight .
All right . Maybe next time I can go with you . Bye !
What is life ?
Then do you think that life is arranged by something above us .
Right .
Really ? How did you get the chance ?
Congratulations . How lucky you are !
I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
Have a nice journey , Lily .
Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won !
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .
Me too .
Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?
He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
Come in , come in !
I thought we were supposed to meet here .
I ' m sorry . We must have misunderstood each other .
You ' re right . I am sorry . Let ' s go and watch the movie .
Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ?
Where is the school cafeteria ?
Where is the Computer Center ?
Where is the library ?
Thank you . I will go get one .
Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win .
You are welcome . I ' d better go . Goodbye .
How about another beer ?
Stay around for a while . The party is warming up .
We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .
It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .
OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
In order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body .
Nice to see you , Patrick .
Yeah . All of us tried our best .
I think you're being a little naive .
That proves my point ! Protect yourself or you'll get burned .
$ 200 ? If they get a hold of your credit card number , you're going to be out a lot more than $ 200 ! I had a friend who ...
Oh , it's nothing to speak of .
Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
Hey Tina . What are you doing ?
I just watched a movie and I'm scared .
I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .
If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .
How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .
Hurry , ok . It's dark out .
Ok . See you soon .
sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .
at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
Have you found a new job yet ?
What kind of work ?
What do you do there ?
How long is the assignment ?
This is just for you . Cheers ! Bottoms up .
I'm sorry , ladies . Mr . Smith's viewing is over . It ended an hour ago .
I'm afraid not . But at tomorrow's funeral , the family requested an open casket service .
I'm sorry . I know it must have come as a great shock .
I can ' t bear it . The driver is too bad .
I prefer potatoes to eggplants .
But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
That way they look longer .
Putting on mascara .
I won't .
Let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ?
Maybe just a quick sandwich , salad , or something .
Can we walk there ?
Of course ! Let's go .
What are you going to do next year ?
Do you have any where in mind ?
Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ' t believe you are listening at all .
Don ' t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well .
Maybe he is on the way home now .
For almost two years .
Thank you . But there's still a lot for me to learn .
Johnson ? I can't place them .
They've completely slipped my mind .
No , I don't recall a thing about them .
Hmm , I must be getting absent-minded .
What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .
I can't understand him anyway .
He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .
Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know .
hey , Isabelle ...
yes , I am the guy ...
let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...
Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .
All right , just a quick one .
Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .
OK . Then tell me what else you know .
He measures his worth by how many of his bones he has fractured while executing his film , incredible stunts . By the way , can you count the breaks ?
Indeed you know much about him .
I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me .
I must apologize . I'll buy you a new one tomorrow .
May I ask a question ?
What does mph stand for ?
Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .
' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
OK .
Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .
Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?
Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends .
I think there ' s a Western on .
Well , I really wanted to see the football game .
I believe there ' s a sitcom .
Let me look in the TV Guide first .
If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show .
Let's watch it together .
It was funny .
Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight .
Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .
We went for a swim in the sea . That was the best part of the day . Just look at my nice tan .
Yes , you're right . And I was so tired that I fell asleep on the way back . My arms are still stiff from the swim yesterday .
How do you know that ?
Oh , I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it .
What do I do with it ?
Please .
So I don't have to worry about them .
I'll take home economics .
Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .
What do you mean ?
That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind .
Yeah , what ' s up ?
Wow . I'd love to .
When and where ?
Yes , I know . I appreciate your invitation .
See you .
I'm pretty tired these days .
I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .
Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?
If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?
Oh well . I'll have to live with it . What else can I do ?
Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?
That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .
When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports .
Figure skating . In my eye , nothing beats it .
Oh , I didn't expect you to know them . But yes , I love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits .
How do you arrange this summer vacation ?
Where would you like to go ?
That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .
Yes , that's a good place to spend a holiday . Last year I went there . It's really .
Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?
Just make yourself at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly .
Thank you very much for your kindness .
No , he left nothing .
Oh , I ' ll go to shanghai to practice there .
I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .
I think it will be very useful in many ways . Beside , shanghai is an important trade center , not only in China , but also in the world , English is useful in almost all walks of life .
That ' s my wish .
Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .
Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .
His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .
No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .
Oh yes , they are really looking forward to it . They went to New Zealand last year and loved it .
My parents are already here . My brother and nephew are arriving on Monday .
I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
I went to Paris .
I'm from Canada , originally .
Montreal .
We moved here when I was fourteen .
Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .
No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .
Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
I studied French . Anyway ... that's enough about me . How about you ? Were you born in L . A . ?
Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman .
I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself .
Yes . He is very understanding and supportive .
let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance .
you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .
we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .
that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .
the most difficult thing is being able to predict what other people will say . They will reply to your statements , but you can ' t be sure how .
He used to be a policeman .
Yeah . He's a private eye now .
Where do they come from ?
I can't see it .
My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?
Whose house warming party is it ?
Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .
Have you seen the house ?
Is it nice ?
There's also a garden .
They are moving today . Tom's taken the day off . He's rented a truck , and they should have all their furniture in the house tonight .
Next Saturday night . You should get your invitation today or tomorrow .
hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?
oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?
wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !
perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .
we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .
no problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .
Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink .
Somewhere new . It's a great place to pick up chicks .
Yeah , I broke up with Lisa . She blew a gasket over it . Whoa , get a load of that !
Never mind the getup . She ' s beautiful !
I'm gonna introduce myself .
Oh , oh , that tears it ! I'm getting out of here .
My ex-girlfriend's here . If she sees me , my goose is cooked .
OK , catch you later .
Darlene ! Indeed , it ' s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ' Ve done with your hair !
Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ' Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !
He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course !
Oh yes . She had a beautiful wedding in Cozumel Mexico and we all attended .
But of course ! Well , it ' s been great talking to you , but I have to get going .
That would be great ! Give me a call !
Did you already take the history exam ?
I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ?
What about Abraham Lincoln ? Did you get any questions about him ?
Hopefully he will use the same exam , cause Im going to spend most of my time studying the civil war . It is a huge section and that is what he lectured the most on in class .
Aright . Thanks for the info . I gotta go to the library now .
Thanks . See ya .
It's us .
Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?
Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
Back to live with my parents . That's something else I used to do before we were married . Remember ?
Yes . Do you like it ?
Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .
Yes . What about you ?
Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .
Did you always like pop music .
I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
Sometimes , but these days I'm often too busy .
Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could they ?
Fortunately , things are changing these years .
A friend and I are planing to go out , why ? what's up ?
I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day .
i wish i could , but it's my mums birthday .
Much as I ' d like to , I am afraid i wont be free next week , I have a lot of work .
I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime .
Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .
Well , bring him along too . We ' ll have a great time this weekend .
How upsetting ! He has been away for a week !
I have reported it to the police .
You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?
I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .
Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
Mike ! Look at the floor !
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
What are you looking for now ?
Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin .
Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?
It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .
Yes , I am . I am from Guangzhou . I am here to study international relations .
I like it so far . But my English still needs work .
Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .
Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .
You are right . But what if an avalanche happened ?
Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow here ?
Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ?
You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game .
Of course ! And here's the best part , they are court side seats !
Some guy in the accounting department has a brother on the team !
The game starts at seven so we'd better hustle , it's already five .
Let ' s play a game !
No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ' m going to describe someone ' s face , and you guess who it is !
Let ' s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !
Aunt Rose ! That mole is so huge ! OK , my turn . He has a crooked nose and full lips . He has quite a few freckles and an oval face . Oh , he is also bald !
Not funny .
It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .
For instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .
Actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them .
Good news ! And congratulations !
Thank you . I'll certainly be there .
Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .
Don ' t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?
Don ' t you think in that case , there wouldn ' t be so much stealing ?
The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?
That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?
Yeah . I think I can find it .
That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway .
hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?
what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .
actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?
really impressive . These two genres are totally different .
how often do you go to the cinema ?
movie salon ? where is that ?
is it good ?
really ? Maybe I shall also sign up for its membership .
Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !
Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .
Three months .
I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .
I'd rather know and buy all the baby things ahead of time .
I know I am going to be busy , but I know I can handle it . I have been looking forward to this day for a long long time .
Thank you so much .
She didn ' t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ' s hard work .
Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .
That's what I'm wondering , too .
Would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow ?
We'd like to invite you for our dress party tomorrow evening , are you free ?
What a pity ! You can't join us .
I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?
Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?
ok . I'll pick up your hotel at 6 thirty pm .
See you later .
Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already .
I did . But they said they won ' t change them .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ?
Totally agree . What is your solution ?
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
I am so busy today .
I ' m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping .
Or maybe make the beds .
Thanks . That ' s terrific !
The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .
Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .
I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .
You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work .
Do you feel ok ?
Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .
Zach , what's that on your arm ?
It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?
I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .
We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
I can't go to your party .
Do you like being a doctor ?
Can you tell me about it ?
What can you do when this happens ?
Have you eaten ?
It's too hot to read .
Which season do you like best ?
How about summer ?
Why ?
But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons .
It was a real red letter day for you .
John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?
It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
I must be going .
Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .
I don ' t understand , I made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?
But the reservation keeps the car here . That ' s why you have the reservation .
I don ' t think you do . If you did , I ' d have a car . See , you know how to take the reservation , you just don ' t know how to hold the reservation and that ' s really the most important part of the reservation , the holding . Anybody can just take them .
Fine . I ' ll take the compact .
Yeah , you better give me the insurance , because I am gonna beat the hell out of this car .
No , I think Harry will get it .
OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night .
Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .
To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .
What happened ? Why didn't he win ?
How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !
What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?
I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .
That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .
Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs .
Let's hope so .
That's because Americans love sitcoms .
Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .
I think Americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free time .
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .
I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !
What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
I see . I think I ' d agree with that statement . People often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again .
You , too .
You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .
It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .
Yes , they say I would get a big sum .
Yes , she leaves it to me .
I have to think about it .
Both actually . S , Y , B , I , L .
I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0 . 1 of a second .
I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ?
What do you think our chance are in other events .
We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .
You are very optimistic !
I may have something on that day , but thanks for inviting me .
I will , do you want me to bring anything ?
It's said that John's broken up .
I hear that John's leading a double wife .
Let's play chess .
That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .
You're a very good player
So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .
You have been here for how long ? Four months now ?
Do you know Chinese better now ?
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .
A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it .
Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ' t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ' s quite natural to us .
Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?
Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?
Got it .
No , but my little brother likes it very much .
I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much .
Jane Austen .
I like it too . But Sense and Sensibility is my favorite .
Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too .
Ye , I hope so . well . Take it easy .
Hey Sandra , what's wrong ? You look furious !
But Sandra ... you love your job ! You spent months trying to get this position . It's perfect for you !
What kind of power struggles are you talking about ?
So he talks about you behind your back ?
I had a worker like that once . She was always taking credit for my ideas .
My co-worker had a whole bunch of bad office habits . She liked to name-drop ... we would be in a meeting and she would say , yesterday I was chatting with Tom . She meant Tom Solomon ... our CEO .
What is it ? What happened ?
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?
What did you do ?
Did he leave when you left ?
What did you do ?
Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?
Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .
It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?
This will work out well . I'm getting hungry just thinking about it .
when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which -- is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?
that's right . Why do you ask ?
when are you getting married ?
congratulations ! I had no idea .
do you like amusement parks ?
if you don't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you'll have a good time .
even those . It'll be very romantic , I think . You'll have loads of fun .
I'm sure he'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it !
Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?
How have you been ?
Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?
Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?
Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .
I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
Yeah . Dig my new pants ?
What do you mean ?
No . Mine are a soft brown . Yours are khaki .
Have heard of Paul ?
He's got a promotion .
No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?
Oh , When does it close ?
That's too bad .
Alright . What do you want to do now ?
Where does she live ?
How long has she lived there ?
That's a long time . Where did she live before that ?
Hey , Peter , have you had lunch yet ?
Not yet . Let's go to that restaurant on the corner .
Search me .
What did you argue about ?
Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair .
Did you lend him a lot of money ?
Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?
Of course you should . You wouldn ' t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ?
I don ' t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .
No , you can ' t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest swimmers in the world .
They are . I read a story about a dolphin saving a A from drowning in the sea .
They sure can . Maybe they can interact with men better than monkeys and apes .
I am not surprised , you eat too much .
No , I wouldn't think so .
Well , why don't you go on the diet ?
Perhaps you should excercise more . Why don't you go to an exercise class .
Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets
Here is your ticket .
The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now .
Yes , let's go in .
Yes , how do you know ?
Well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well .
I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .
The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .
Don ' t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .
Yes , I can . I don ' t ride regularly though . How about you ?
What a good idea !
Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .
Of course ! Make yourself at home .
Please , just call me Tom .
Where's Cindy ?
Can you tell her to come downstairs ? We're about to have dinner .
No , what ?
You're kidding .
Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .
Well . Good for him .
If we hurry , can we get there in time ?
Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?
Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .
OK , let's go .
Wonderful , Bruce is taking the lead .
Come on , Bruce . Come on , Bruce .
Tim ' s smiles are interesting .
You are right . They sweep Nancy off her feet . And now she fell head over heels in love with him .
Have you enjoyed your weekend ?
Not at all . We've really enjoyed having you . I hope you'll come and stay again next time you're in Changsha .
It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .
That's true .
Do you already know how to play an instrument ?
Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?
Yes , I ' m a singer .
Great ! Wait here ? You don ' t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice ?
I would like to have that new style Gl Joe .
Yes and I've written him a letter .
George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent .
Where will we sleep , then ?
What about other expenses ?
Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ?
Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet .
Let ' s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !
What date will our field trip be on ?
Yes , I will make note of that .
I will be there half an hour early .
Yes , someone is picking me up .
Not at the moment -- maybe later , though .
The acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot .
I don't think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts .
How was your business trip ?
Nice to meet you here . How come you dropped into this company today ?
Two years or so .
No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .
It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .
Luckily not . The silent I meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .
Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .
It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .
It's exciting news ! If we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth !
Yes ! Isn't that exciting ?
Sorry , I thought you knew .
Didn't I ?
Well , I am telling you now .
I didn't think you would be interested .
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
How was the movie last night ?
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
Nothing is to your satisfaction .
Where are you going ?
Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?
Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
Yeah , sounds like something I should definitely do .
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ?
Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ?
Yes .
Mm ... It's quite warm now .
In London . Where do you live ?
I ' Ve had it ! I ' m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !
That ' s exactly what I am going to do ! I ' Ve decided to create my own company ! I ' m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself !
Well , no , it can ' t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ' s it , right ?
Well , that seems easy enough .
Geez . Is that all ?
Umm . I think I ' ll just stick to my old job and save myself all the hassle of trying to start up a business !
So I heard .
She went over the edge after her son was killed in an accident .
How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .
No . Why don't you check out the newspaper ?
What ' s on TV tonight ?
Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .
No it ' s not . It ' s just funny .
Well , you just want to watch Dark Angel because of the hot girl .
It ' s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .
No way . I ' m watching Ally McNeal . Go to John ' s to watch the game .
What are you talking about ?
You said it . Many parents just don ' t know how to educate their children .
I went shopping .
Yes , I bought a few things .
I bought this coat . Do you like it ?
At the mall on 5th street .
No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .
I know . It was a really good deal .
Hi , Victor . How are you ?
So , are you going to go to class tonight ?
Really ? What's the matter ?
Listen . Come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner .
How's John doing ?
The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .
If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .
What's that book you have under your arm ?
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .
Is it really worth paying for ?
If it's any good , I'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition .
Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .
Yes , but you need to slow down . This is jogging , not racing !
But running so fast is not good for people over forties .
We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us .
In fact , in order to burn up your fat , you must take it slowly for a longer time .
Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?
I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .
Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .
But it's really exciting .
Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .
I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind .
It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession .
Increasing exports would weaken the currency . I think the main point is economic growth . We need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in our own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , it will give the economy a boost .
Are you an art aficionado ?
I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art .
Art isn ' t for everyone . I ' m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ' s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture .
I thought I ' d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there .
Let ' s meet at 12 thirty . it will probably take us three or four hours to see all of the exhibits .
My mother works in a company as an accountant .
Not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year .
Hello , Jack . Happy birthday !
I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .
Now let me sing " Happy birthday " for you .
Nice day , isn't it ?
It's a good day for a picnic .
I don't want to .
Certainly not .
Turn on the TV for what ?
Listen to the music ? And who will cook dinner , will you ?
To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate it .
Brian ! How have you been ?
Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .
I'm doing really well . I got married about three years ago . I have two kids now .
How is your new dormitory ?
Well , do you all major in the same subject ?
That's great !
Well , I swim and run every day .
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .
It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .
We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .
Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb .
O . K . See you .
I can speak French and German .
I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .
No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .
Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .
You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .
It just makes my eyelashes curl upwards .
Yes . I'm afraid so .
Oh . Well , it can't be helped .
Oh , do you really think so ?
But I just got a call from my sister and I have to cancel the movie tonight .
That's terrible !
You see ? Every cloud has a silver lining .
Come on ! You're pulling my leg .
Wow ! Congratulations !
Thank you .
I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .
In June .
Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .
Thank you so much .
It's a Tag Heer .
This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .
Yeah . I would rather get one nice watch instead of 20 mediocre ones .
What for ? ( Why ? )
Not very well .
Nothing .
Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .
Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .
Maybe you're right .
Yeah , but it's hard to forget her at moment . You know , we were together for almost five years . It's really hard ...
Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .
Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .
My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .
If we start now , we can make it by taxi .
Yeah .
China .
China beat Brazil three to zero .
What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .
Again ?
Ouch .
You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .
Try to be more careful in future . Look ! you've damaged the sign .
It says No smoking here .
Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?
That ' s correct . It ' s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .
I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .
Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .
There ' s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ' t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your business card , I ' ll make sure you get an advance copy to review .
What shall I call him ?
What's he doing ?
For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .
I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .
Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .
I'm so glad I bought this watch !
I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .
Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
Well , surfing , scuba diving ...
Yeah , everyday . And there ' s only one choice . All the other buses are going the other direction .
Oh , yeah , it ' s terrible . I will tell you the funniest thing I have seen in China . It ' s when so many people try to get onto one city bus , and the last guy is squeezed in so tight that the door is tightly pressed against his butt .
What happened ? Were you having a hard time getting on a bus ?
Hmm . Good exercise , uh ?
And it ' s so much fun . One day , the bodies were so tightly packed that some girl ' s behind was pressed against my front . I was afraid to put my hands down for fear of accidentally groping her .
What do you think ? I ' m a good boy .
That's great .
Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .
Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .
And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .
There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .
Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .
OK , you're the boss . Look , Mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool .
It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul .
As a teacher , I don ' t know how to help him .
Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?
Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ?
Great , so what happens now ?
Do you believe in UFOs ?
But I never saw them .
You mean that you can them .
They come to the earth ?
Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?
That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?
Wow . Sounds fantastic !
Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest .
Thank you , Paul .
Good , happy birthday to you !
Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
Do you have a minute ?
Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?
May , I really regret watching it with you last night .
Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .
Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .
That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies !
Don't call me kid . I am a grownup .
Of course ! I can watch them without you !
What is your nationality ?
Where is your domicile place ?
I know you have a son . How old is he ?
Who is looking after him ?
You really are lucky !
Say , what's your favorite sport ?
Do you play much tennis ?
Sorry . I'm strictly a spectator-football , baseball , basketball , golf ... I watch them all .
Well , I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby .
About three times a week if I can .
Not really . I ' d really like to try golf , though .
Hello , George .
Yes , I have .
Paris in the Spring .
Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?
Paris in the spring , eh ?
Just like dear old London !
It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .
That give us a good lesson .
I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .
She is expecting .
Thank you .
I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !
You know how hard I've tried to give up drinking ? I ' d be lost without you . I won ' t let you go anyway .
There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .
Nobody knows at the moment , but it has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
The European union has sent several plants with relief supplies . Several countries have sent soldiers to distribute food and medical supplies . Refugee camps have been set up across the region .
Six have been seriously affected , but the refugees are also migrating to several surrounding countries .
Yes . There have been a few there recently . They say that this one was not a big quake . The Iranians are dealing with it on their own . They have purchased some special equipment to find people buried u
So far , less than 20 people have died , but over 100 are in hospital .
Yes , it is . It was taken just before I was leaving for college .
How time flies ! I'll not see twenty again .
Yes , I'm now working in a company .
Right . I enjoy what I'm doing .
Oh , I ' m afraid I can ' t . I ' Ve had a date already .
May be some other time .
Give it here .
I think it ' s my acceptance letter from NYU .
They didn ' t accept me .
It ' s the truth .
I really wanted to get into NYU .
It ' s okay . I ' m still waiting to hear from UCLA anyway .
My girlfriend just broke up with me .
Yeah .
You've been through this too ?
But it hurts too much .
What if I don't want to find another girl ?
You're right .
Yeah . Thanks for the talk .
Ok . I'll talk to you later .
Let me see . The one goes for $ 17 .
No , I can ' t let you have it for 12 . How about 14 ?
Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go .
Never mind about that .
No , I won ' t hear of it .
Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ?
Not bad , But she's as busy as before .
You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table .
Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again !
Oh , yeah . I'm glad you mentioned that . I think we need to hire somebody new to manage it .
I think he's got too much on his plate .
How about the soup ?
How nice of you to say so .
Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?
Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ' s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .
Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ' t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be safe . For example , never handle a weapon that you haven ' t inspected yourself . Always make sure there isn ' t anything in the chamber , and never put your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot !
The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?
Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ' t seen you for a while .
Where were you ?
Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?
Well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we ?
I'll go myself then .
I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .
but promise me , you'll keep it a secret .
I've fallen in love with my boss .
no , of course not . He is still single .
I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us .
worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .
it gives me a lot of pressure and I feel depressed .
You're not looking happy . What's the matter ?
With the job ?
A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .
What do you mean ?
You need a holiday . That's what's the matter .
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .
Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .
What a bummer ! You set me up ?
How dare you ! ( starts to walk off )
Why did you lie to me in the email ?
I should have known it was you . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . I thought I might have found the one for me .
Peter , how often do you exercise ?
Now , tell me , what do you eat ?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
What do you drink ?
What do you drink ?
Yeah .
China .
China beat Brazil 3 to 0 .
Even if our company didn't have a dress code , I still think people would wear formal clothing to work .
Maybe that's true for some positions , but I think the marketing and sales staff would definitely not agree . They dress for success ! You can't go out on a sales call if you are dressed in jeans . It's just not respectful to you client .
It's not as simple as that . People judge you by your appearance , whether you like it or not . So dressing professional is being professional . The image that you portray to others is so important in business . It's your image and how others perceive you that makes the difference between landing or losing a sale .
Isn't it wonderful walking here ?
I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .
It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?
What other important buildings are we going to see on Fifth Avenue ?
What's there after that ?
What are they all for ?
Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?
What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?
And your parents took it badly ?
Ouch , that sounds bad . What did your sister do ?
How long has your sister been with her boyfriend ?
Really ? Then I guess living together would be a good idea .
Well , these days too many people are getting divorced . If they live together , then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not .
Do you think they two will get married ?
I think so . Yes , they get along so well .
You're right . He sure is .
He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .
Whatever things get tough , he gives in .
Don't worry . We'll make it back to the camp site before dark .
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?
I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?
It must be interesting to study English .
Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
It's quiet everywhere in winter .
Me too .
That's a good idea . Let's go !
Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .
Yes . Very wonderful .
How lovely it is !
Just tell him off .
Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players .
Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !
Here comes Jordan , though .
Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing .
The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has .
It's ok . What do you want to ask ?
The first place you should go is the International Center .
You can get help there in dealing with the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service ; you can find Foreign Student Advisers .
They'll discuss personal concerns , housing , adjustment , finances and other matters with you .
Yes , a lot more . If you go there just before the beginning of the fall's semester , you can get your student ID and social security number there . They will keep your documents up-to-date . They will offer an orientation program for new comers . They will also help you contact your department and registration office .
Besides these , the center staff also works with community organizations which provide tours , home hospitality , speaking engagements and assistance for wives of foreign students . In cooperation with nationality clubs , student associations and other organizations , the International Center provides a varied program of cultural and social events throughout the year .
It sure is . They also serve tea , coffee and refreshments . The Center staff members are also friendly and helpful . Everyone loves them .
I can hardly make ends meet these days .
my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .
definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
is that inflation ?
has the government taken some measures to curb it ?
but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .
how ?
sounds a good idea .
You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .
You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .
Before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men .
Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .
I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...
Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
Yeah . we never do that in a public office .
I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .
Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?
Oh , I'm shocked .
I took a lot of courses , such as Philosophy , Logic , Ethics , Aesthetics , etc .
I liked Aesthetics best . It is very impressive .
Certainly . What's the matter ?
Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .
That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .
No . it's free .
We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us ?
Excuse me , is this seat taken ?
Oh . is it . Thank you anyway .
Thank you .
I feel eggplants are more nutritious .
Oh , that's how you see it .
Hmm ... I'll tell you what . I'll lend you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week .
Where do you plan to go this winter ?
Oh , yes , you like skiing .
Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .
I wish I were a hero .
Is he really ?
Who is he marring ?
Have they set a date for the wedding ?
OK . Come back into the classroom , class .
Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .
Come on , baby . It ' s time now .
Hurry up , little boy .
Yes , I like collecting things .
Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .
Yes , stones .
Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?
Honey , cross my heart , I'v never looked at another woman since the first day I set my eyes on you ! Believe me , that's the truth .
yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?
hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .
yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?
yeah , I think so .
wonderful ! I'll start packing our suitcases .