Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?
Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !
I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .
Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some !
I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I ' ll even give you one ounce for free .
Yeah ?
The taxi drivers are on strike again .
They want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline .
We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .
Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .
Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .
We don't use any fossil fuels . Most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . We're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power .
Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .
Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .
Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?
Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .
Why don't we go for one now ?
Let's go !
I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .
I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .
Yes , in most circumstances .
Yes , I like travelling . I am young , and unmarried . It ' s no problem for me to travel frequently .
I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ?
I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
we can ' t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .
Do you want the truth ?
Well , you really didn't do all that well .
To be completely honest , you failed your test .
There were a number of reasons .
Basically , you just can't drive .
You can take it in a couple weeks .
Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .
Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ' m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .
Ah .
What am I supposed to do then ?
Thank you very much .
Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .
Sour-peppery soup .
I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
No , don't need , I can do myself .
But you must cook that dinner next time .
Hello , this is Mike , Kara .
Everything is fine , and how are you ?
Kara , I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday .
Maybe we could just meet for coffee or something .
Sun-set hotel . May I help you ?
Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days .
OK , that shall be arranged .
I'm free . What's up ?
Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write .
It's ten after six . We ' re late . But dinner is at six thirty .
I'll call the lost and found office .
Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?
Yes , we have one copy left .
Do you have maps of downtown area ?
How much is it ?
Thanks so much .
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?
Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
It's $ 308 a night .
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .
Thank you so much , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you !
Certainly , sir .
I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?
I'll just go and check it for you , sir .
Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .
Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .
Here it is .
That's very kind of you . Thank you .
I need to buy some flowers for my wife .
What would the roses cost me ?
I like the sound of that .
A dozen will be fine .
No , thank you .
Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?
Well , we have 6 for each room .
OK sir , please wait a minute .
Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?
Yes , you did .
Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?
So , then why did you speed up ?
I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
Here you go . Don't do that again .
Surely of course .
Sure .
Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .
Would you tell me something about your family ?
I really need to start eating healthier .
What kind of food do you usually eat ?
Is that really all that you eat ?
How do you stick to only those foods ?
Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ?
That does sound pretty good .
Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?
This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .
Of course . The fitting room is right over there .
l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?
Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
Let me see ...
Great , thanks .
I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .
Why not ?
Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?
Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ?
Thank you very much . See you then .
Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .
Good . Anything else ?
Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ?
Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .
Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .
Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .
Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .
You ' re welcome .
yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?
well , let's get a plate of those then .
I think I might have a dahl .
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?
I think I'll have a beer .
I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .
what would you do without me ?
Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well .
Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .
Six couples .
That sounds like a good idea .
My name is Ron Kollwitz .
It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .
Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .
Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?
Have you got any experience in advertising ?
Do you have any practical experience as a secretary ?
Would you tell me the essential qualities a secretary should maintain ?
Have you had any experience with computer ?
That's fine . What about operating the fax and duplicator ?
What have you learned from jobs you have held ?
Very good .
Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .
I got fired .
It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .
I just don't know how to bring it up . Well , all right . She has the right to know anyways .
I've never gotten one . Have you ?
Really ? What did you get one for ?
Why did you do that ?
Where did you park at ?
Don't you have your own parking spot ?
That was very lazy of you .
I ' m having a problem .
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make .
Here it is .
The last four charges on the page .
How long will an investigation take ?
That sounds absolutely fantastic .
I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?
Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .
Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !
Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker .
Yes ...
Sure . Here you are , $ 200 , Thank you , please come again ! Now it ' s my turn to roll the dice .
This is Professor Clark speaking .
Yes , what can I do for you ?
My goodness ! Are you OK ?
How long will you be out of class ?
Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon .
Yes , yes I did . Please come in ! I ' m so glad you came ! This old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ' s water leaking everywhere !
Oh , that must be because of my four-year-old daughter . She is always flushing things down the toilet . You know how kids are .
That would be great ! Is it expensive ?
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight .
Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights .
I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older .
Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free .
I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?
A draft beer please .
Could I have some fruit ?
Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?
Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .
How are you getting along with your business ?
I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance .
Toilets are in the rear , I am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .
You are welcome .
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait .
sure . How many would you like ?
are you sending them abroad ?
do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
that ' s another quid .
Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?
Are you good at cooking ?
It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !
Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .
I have the same idea as yours .
Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .
Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?
So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?
Thanks a lot .
Room service . What can I do for you ?
Well , let me check for you . I am sorry , sir . They mistook your order as a normal one . Actualty it's an express laundry , is that right ?
Sir , we are terribly sorry for that . We will refund the charge and send your laundry to your room 3 hours later . Is that all right ?
I'd like you to do me a favor .
Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .
Excuse me , may I help you ?
Sure . Which kind of gas do you want ?
OK .
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .
All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .
Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
So do I .
I haven't seen her yet .
Tell me how she looks .
What height is she ?
That's nice , but tell me what she looks like .
I think I might've bumped into her before .
I believe so .
Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .
Can I return the car in San Francisco ?
Really ? I heard in America you can return rental cars in different cities .
Well , I guess I will have to drive back down then . Hmm . I didn't think of that .
Yes . It will be fun . Driving back down the coast . My girlfriend will like it .
Where are the keys ?
Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .
Look at the show on TV . I am watching a food show at a very famous seafood restaurant . I really want to eat at that restaurant . I am a seafood lover .
Sound great . Let's go !
True . I would like to have some salmon sashimi and a roast salmon head .
You are not too bad as well . I also want to have a steamed lobster . It is really taste like heaven .
Wait . Let me tell the lady what we would like to order in front of the seafood fridge first .
Do you think we should try some deep fried oysters ?
I'm going to the hospital .
About how much will it cost ?
By the way , what's the time ?
It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
You're made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual .
It was made in Jingdezhen .
You are right .
It is the best quality porcelain-the famous egg-shell China .
But it is really worth the price .
Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit .
Yes ?
Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?
Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter .
you are welcome .
Alright .
Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .
Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .
Yes , maybe it does . But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?
I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone . Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .
Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .
Sure . It's to raise money for the homeless .
Oh , it's a reserved opera named The Monkey Creates Havoc in Heaven .
It surely is . And the cast is really the best .
The price varies according to the seats . 300 for the front , 200 for the middle , and 50 for the back .
Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .
That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
What dressing would you like on the salad ?
I beg your pardon ?
Sorry , it's not available now . Anything else ?
Could I have some fish ?
Oh , spinach , I think .
Just a beer , please .
Would you like to have some more beer ?
Of course . Please wait a moment . I'll go and get it .
Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . Could you give me some advice ?
Yeah , that's very important .
I ' ll try my best to make a good impression on the interviewer .
It ' s always easier to say something than to do it .
But I love wearing T-shirts and jeans .
It ' s a pity that I cannot afford more expensive clothes .
I know what you mean . I ought to wear right clothes at the right time .
It seems that ' clothes make the man ' .
The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?
It better be more than last year .
I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed .
If you don't mind , may we put it off to the next day ?
Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?
Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?
Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
No problem . I'll be in touch as soon as it comes in .
Yes . I have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?
I would prefer the first one .
Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?
OK , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include Insurance Forms , Way Bills , Bills of Lading , Customs forms , various certificates .
Just that in effect , a basic Letter of Credit is a financial contract between the bank , the bank's customer , and the beneficiary , and this contract involves the transfer of goods or services against funds .
911 emergency . What is the problem ?
When was this break-in ?
Where was the break-in ?
Was anything stolen ?
Why do you think there was a break-in ?
We'll send a squad car shortly .
Excuse me . How much is the chocolate bar ?
So , I can have five for five dollars ?
Oh , yeah . I forgot tax . Give me four then , please .
House keeping . May I come in ?
Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?
That's all . Have a nice stay here .
Just a moment . I will do it right now .
Oh ? What ' s wrong ?
Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?
Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .
According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .
My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .
The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .
Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?
I see . This is my advantage .
No .
Thank you , bye-bye .
Can you take he away from me ?
She kept bothering me .
But I am her brother , not her servant .
Maybe you should look around for an outlet .
Outlets have more reasonable prices .
No problem . Good luck
The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?
They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .
Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .
They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ?
They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
Amelia , could you spare a few minutes ?
well , I wanted to let you know that I've put in my notice .
it's complicated . But basically it boils down to one thing . This company is downsizing and I can't continue working for a company that may let me go .
well , to be honest , there's another reason . I've got a better offer .
the head office is in New York , but I'll be dealing with overseas companies and flying to this side of the world from time to time .
I have . I feel lucky . I look forward to dealing with overseas companies and at the same time having a chance to use English more .
of course I can . In fact , if there are other job opportunities at this new company , I'll recommend you personally .
What can I show you ?
Let me check . Yes , we have .
Sure . Let me help you .
I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...
Yes , sir . I apologize for that . Here ' s the file you were looking for , Mr . Emory .
Sorry , I'm using it myself . But you can use it this afternoon .
Thanks for inviting me to work out with you , Joan .
Yeah , this place looks great . Wow , look at her , she can certainly get down , can't she ?
A little , I wish I could do that .
Look at him , he's buff .
How do they all get in such tiptop shape ?
That's it . I decided to turn over a new leaf . I'm going to exercise every single day .
Excuse me . Check please .
Very nice . Thank you .
Yes , can you put it in a plastic bag ?
Do you take credit cards ?
OK , here you are .
OK .
Thank you .
You look upset , anything wrong ?
Why ?
You'd look before you leap .
How long will you stay in New York ?
I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .
That's right . It's over there .
No , thanks . I'm on a diet .
That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?
Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
Not at all .
Better late than never .
For what ? Are you taking up painting ?
Oh , good . How old is your niece ?
It's a wise thing to do . Art will do a child a world of good .
Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?
Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .
No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .
Thank you . Bye .
Do you speak English ?
Can you tell me how to get to the Jade Buddha Temple ?
How do you get road news ?
So you have all the news on broadcast ?
Can I help you ?
Certainly . Would you like it with ice cream ?
I'd like to make an appointment with Dr . Cooper . Could you arrange it for me ?
Sorry , I've got a meeting from nine to ten . What about Monday afternoon ?
Hey ! What are you doing here ?
What are you shopping for ?
Same here .
I found a few pairs of pants .
I found them at JC Pennies .
Do you want me to show you where I found them ?
Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college ?
I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies ?
I need help with the office party .
I have no idea what the entertainment should be .
Let's make it a formal affair .
American food would be the best choice .
We should bring in a really good DJ .
Help ! Help !
What would you like to eat , sir ?
Would you care for some lemon for your tea ?
Where's the toilet ?
Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it .
But there are only two more days until the bidding closes !
Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket .
Well ... guess how low the bidding starts on the tennis racket ?
Pots and pans are right over there .
Could I interest you in our store credit card ?
But our credit card saves you 10 percent .
Here . Let me give you an application form .
Okay . Enjoy your browsing .
I'm allergic to these things , you know .
Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .
OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by .
You are speaking with Professor Clark .
Yes , how can I help you ?
Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .
How much school will you miss ?
I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ' t be in class . See you next week !
Can ' t complain . And you ?
Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
How come it is slow as a snail today ?
Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click .
Ok .
Dad , I have to do my homework .
Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .
I'm sorry , dad . But I would rather stay at school than go to cram school .
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .
I don't know , but I feel terrible .
Do you think I should lie in bed ?
OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
OK , I'll listen to you .
What do you have in mind ?
What kind are you thinking of getting ?
What kind of pie do you want ?
Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?
I love apple pie .
There you go . Problem solved .
I'll be with you in a minute .
Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ?
What kinds of currency do you change ?
Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ?
I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here .
Thank you .
My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .
Oh , I'm sorry about that .
Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .
I'll certainly look into that .
I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .
I'm not sure . I don't know very much about the price of pearls .
Is there a price reduction ?
How much is that one ?
OK . I'll take it . Thank you .
Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?
Mostly cassette tapes .
Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .
I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .
Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .
Well . No , I didn't clean it . But still , I only had the last one two months , and it broke . I don't trust auto-reverse .
How much is it ?
Can I test it out ?
It sounds great . I'll take it .
Thanks .
I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .
I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .
I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .
I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .
I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .
After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
Immediately .
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule .
Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .
That's wonderful . OK . I'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously .
You can ' t really tell everything about a house from the outside . Let ' s go inside .
I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better .
I hear that the kitchen is quite large . Let ' s go check it out .
The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . Maybe it will be a little better .
I think that we have seen all that we need to see here . Let ' s go look at another house .
Have you decided what wine you would like ?
I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .
Come on ! It's time to go !
Well , I've got to stop and get gas in the car , first .
Well , it won't if there no line at the pump .
I'll give you five more minutes , then I'm going on without you !
Oh , yes , I would !
Engaged ? She ' s married .
Yes , Mother , but my arm is longer .
Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?
It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .
No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ?
Okay , sir . Have a pleasant evening .
Yes , I have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack them two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .
Take it easy . you ' Ve made enough preparations .
I'm sure you'll pass it .
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .
Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
Suit yourself . Don ' t forget to set the alarm clock .
Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .
Oh no ! What shall I do ?
Thank you very much .
Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?
But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK .
I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .
I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .
Thank you , darling .
How tall is this building ?
I have heard its name is connected with someone , is that right ?
Good afternoon ! Trans Pacific Airline . How can I help you ?
What ' s your name , please ?
How do you spell your name , please ?
Please note that this ticket has a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation .
At the airport . OK , Miss . Wang , your Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis is canceled . Your new reservation is Trans Pacific Flight 8 from Taipei to Minneapolis at 9 thirty a . m . on August 2 .
That ' s correct .
Is there anything else I can do for you ?
Is this supply ?
This is Rachel in Human Resources . I need two boxes of company letterhead , one box of ball-point pens , and a box of envelopes .
John , I ' d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .
He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair .
He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .
He is in his late thirties .
At 2 thirty .
Could I get a hamburger , please ?
No , thank you .
Let me have a soda .
May I have a Sprite , please ?
I would also like a bag of chips .
That's everything .
I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .
I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .
Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .
Yes , I'm good with people .
This is the place I was telling you about .
Good .
Yes , of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu ? Oh . They haven't got one either .
I ' m thinking about it . How much is it ?
Oh , dear . It ' s too expensive . Can you give me a better price ?
It ' s still too much . Can ' t you make it any cheaper than that ?
I see . Can I pay by traveler ' s checks ?
Do you have a free moment ?
I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?
Silly me .
Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
I need help using the washer and dryer .
I can't figure out how to turn them on .
I didn't know I needed change .
Where do I put the change ?
Is that everything that I have to do ?
I appreciate you helping me with this .
Do you have any questions ?
Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation
That's the company policy .
Yes . That's the company policy .
I am absolutely famished .
Where did you want to go for lunch ?
I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria .
Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?
I was thinking about getting some Chinese food .
We can eat at the cafeteria .
Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .
The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .
Thank you .
That's a good idea .
Agreed .
I understand your position .
Certainty . Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?
What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .
Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .
I should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . Do you have any suggestion in mind ? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable .
That's true . But if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product , you'll agree that 679 is not high , especially when we allow you a 10 % discount .
Well , considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600 . That's the best we can do . What do you think of that ?
Very well . Thank you .
I'm not sure . You look familiar .
Yes . And you're Mr . Jones , I remember .
Yes , I have an overall understanding .
Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?
But if I don't pass , will you call me ?
Then do I have the chance to get this job ?
I know . No matter what the result will be , I have learned a lot from our conversation .
Thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview .
I have a stomachache .
All right . I'll do that .
I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .
I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .
People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .
Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so .
Yes . I was president of the Student Council of our university .
Yes . I was elected Excellent Party Member for four academic years .
Yes . I was a member of the Student Poetry Society . I like writing poems in my spare time .
I sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball .
What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
I think Yoga might be suitable for me .
Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .
I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?
How are your typing and shorthand skills ?
Are these the clothes you want to have washed ?
Well , if they are collected right now , you can get them back tonight .
OK . Please fill in the form first .
Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .
Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .
You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at this . You weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of your size .
Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .
Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .
No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park .
It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .
I want some cosmetics . Could you recommend some ?
And they're very dear , too .
Oh , that's ideal .
First , you should have enough sleep to get over the jet lag before the departure . Most people will suffer from jet lag for a few days after a long flight .
Do you have an airsickness ?
You'd better bring some medicine for airsickness .
Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?
Either way is good for me .
I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .
I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .
I would like to see as many as possible .
Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ?
The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ?
We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?
What ' s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ' t belong .
Now , I am responsible for training new staff , but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods . I know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove . But I don ' t like your way .
Enough is enough . I know .
I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office .
I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .
Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
Yes , that ' s right .
No , that ' s all .
Just put it on the table please .
No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?
Tomato or orange juice , please .
Should we tip ? This service is pretty good .
How about 10 percent ? That's about 6 dollars .
What time does the train for Tibet leave ?
When does it arrive ?
How much is the ticket ?
One berth , please .
Where to , sir ?
Hop in , please .
It will take about thirty minutes because it is the rush hour .
It is an exhibition of Chinese jades . It is held each year . A nice collection jades of are on display and sold .
No problem .
Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .
No .
How much is the excess baggage part charge ?
Here you are .
Thank you !
Do you have any seats for September 16th ?
The 17th will be fine .
Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
Sounds good . Thanks a lot .
Do you have any special brand in your mind ?
I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable .
Ok , the mirror is over there .
I am looking for a pair of shoes .
High hells , please . I want to wear them in formal situations .
Sure , what ' s up ?
I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here .
Is it anything like American football ?
I ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?
Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?
I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed .
Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .
Why aren't you doing well in the class ?
Reservation , can I help you ?
Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .
Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?
Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?
You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so
I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ' t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ' ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
Can you tell that I ' m excited ?
I voted today .
I just turned 18 a month ago .
What do you mean ?
I didn ' t even think of that .
I really didn ' t , but I ' m still excited .
Can I help you ?
Have you a pattern in your mind ?
Is there any special brand you would like ?
Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !
It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east .
That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .
Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
There . Stop !
Well , unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend . But let me see ...
That's very kind of you . How soon do you really need them ?
I'll try .
Don't worry , your baby is in my home .
I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .
I'm afraid not .
Hi . I need to have my shoes repaired .
Look at the heels . They are slanting .
How much does it cost ?
I think it ' s too expensive . I can just give you 4 yuan . Or I ' ll go to another B .
How long will it take ? Could you repair them while I wait ?
Great ! I ' ll just sit here and wait .
Hello , Is that Stefan ?
Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .
That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?
Oh , I'm sorry I bothered you . I'm really sorry .
Sorry again for bothering you .
Good morning . Can I help you ?
Do you have an appointment with her ?
Okay . What ' s your name , please ?
Thanks . Please sit down . She ' ll be with you shortly .
Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?
Thank you .
Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today .
Oh , that ' s very kind of you . I am going to the Garden Hotel .
Sure .
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .
How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
Yes , it's $ 167 .
Well , Mitzuko-san , I hope you like it here . This is my favourite restaurant in Taipei . It reminds me of my youth when I traveled around Europe .
The chef trained in Florence . The pasta is very good here .
Hum ... You should try the mushroom fettucine . It's really good .
Not at all . It has a very delicate flavor .
Oh , that means soup of the day . I'll ask the waiter what they have today . Have you tried mussels cooked the Italian way ? They're really delicious .
I am calling to ask about the position of an usher .
What qualities do you expect the applicants to have ?
Hello , ma ' am , can I help you find something ?
We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?
Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .
Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .
Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .
Oh , well this one has the , uh .
So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...
Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out .
Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters .
No problem , ma ' am .
Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?
That one there ?
Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful .
That ' s certainly true . But , that ' s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .
All right , Maria . I ' ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ' ll have to re-do it .
You do ? How are you going to contact him ?
What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?
Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
There's plenty left . Would you like another helping ?
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ?
How many stops are there ?
Could you please tell me when we get there ?
By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
Thank you .
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress .
The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .
Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .
The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job .
Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
Have you any round-neck sweater ?
Can I try this one on ?
The color is too bright . For my age , I would prefer a lighter color .
Coffee ? I don ' t honestly like that kind of stuff .
What ' s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .
You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .
Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .
I knew you'd see it my way .
Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?
This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police !
Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you .
If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .
It's my pleasure . Well , then . I'll say goodbye .
I'd like to speak Dr . Johnson .
This is Robert Jordan . Would you ask him to call me back , please ?
Good morning , sir . May I see your passport ?
Thank you . Are all these yours ?
Yes , please . Do you have any carry-on items ?
Yes , please . Would you please open this big suitcase ?
OK . Do you have anything to declare ?
Any fresh food , live plants , or animals ?
Thank you . You may lock up your suitcase . Here are your passports .
Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .
I bought it one size up by mistake .
I wonder if you can change it to one size down .
Then I'll come to your place later in the evening , and how late is your shop open ?
The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?
It better be more than last year .
I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit .
I believe we are all out of food .
I don't know what we need .
I would appreciate it if you would do that for me .
What do you mean ?
Go make that list .
Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .
May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .
Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?
Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?
Thanks a lot .
I was unable to make it .
Is that right . Who ended up winning ?
I wish I was free that night . I'm kind of mad that I didn't go .
What was the score at the end of the game ?
Sounds like it was a close game .
The next game , I will definitely be there .
No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .
I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .
What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .
I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping .
That's a good idea .
It is 15 minutes ' drive .
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
Yes , at the end of the hall .
Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00
Yes . That ' s right .
Well , I ' ll wait .
Thank you . Coffee , please .
Thank you very much .
I need to report a break-in .
Last night .
It happened at my house .
I'm not sure yet .
My front window was busted .
Please hurry .
You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .
OK , OK !
Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
Give me a break , Mr Yang .
I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault .
It looks like the shipping company did this .
I ' m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ' t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !
Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ' re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .
Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .
That ' s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ' Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !
Unique , aren ' t they ? I bet you ' Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ' s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .
I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ' m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .
It ' s a traditional Scottish delicacy , you take sheep ' s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ' s stomach .
Mr . Johnson ? Mr . Johnson ?
Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day ?
That's reasonable .
Yes , that's right .
Oh , yes . I remember .
Monica , wait a moment . I think we ' d better call the repair man to do it .
I ' d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company .
Other company rules also need your attention .
Don ' t mention it .
When did you finish ?
Well , I ' m glad to hear it . Have a cup of coffee !
Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?
We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks .
It can ' t be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it .
You can ' t possibly know in advance how much you will be working . If you mail it in too soon , we will reject it !
Your check will be arriving late , but the next one will come right on time .
I'm ready when you are , sir .
You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .
Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .
I'm sorry , sir , but it isn't . Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely .
Okay , sir . But don't take too long . You only have 30 minutes .
Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .
I'd like the roast chicken , please .
Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it .
How long is this cell phone guaranteed ?
Hey honey , how was your day ?
Why ? What happened ?
Yeah , you ' re right . We aren ' t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .
Sounds good , although , do you think we can qualify for insurance ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when it comes to money .
I wish our company or country provided us with healthcare .
Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?
What is the qualification needed by the position ?
What did you do today ?
Did you win ?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .
Sure .
That's right .
Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .
This one is 1500 yuan .
Would you like anything else ?
I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?
It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .
The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .
It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
Billy , you are late again .
Yes he ' s in his office .
Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .
I think he might . You'd better go to his office .
Good luck !
The rent is $ 1500 per month .
The deposit is $ 500 .
There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .
And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .
Of course we will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as you bring in the proof and we assess it , it should be very quick indeed .
Yes , I know a little about Japanese which is similar to Chinese not only in culture but in language itself .
I passed the Band two in LPT , but I will try to achieve Band one which is the highest level .
I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .
No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well .
YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
About two month ago .
What am I suppose to do ?
Thank you , doctor . I ' ll do what you say .
Certainly . Here it is .
That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .
Just two weeks .
Only one . In this case , I have a camera .
Yes , I do .
I will .
Thank you .
Generally speaking , a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions .
Including your name , sex , date of birth , height , phone number , and so on .
Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ?
Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .
What was your major in school ?
Have you done any work in this field ?
What section did you work in ?
So you must be very familiar with export procedures .
That's good .
The Grand Hotel .
Yes . Do you know where it is ?
It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
Would you like to order now ?
What would you like for your main course ?
Do you have something to read ?
Could you lend me one ?
Thanks . It's rather cold this morning , wouldn't you say ?
Do you know the news ?
Brazil wins the World Cup .
We have the orientation this afternoon .
The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .
Yes , it is not easy .
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?
Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .
Thank you very much .
When can you get the finished product to me ?
Great ! That ' ll be ahead of schedule ! Good work .
Have you got any cheaper ones ?
That's more reasonable . I'll take this one .
I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .
I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?
Exactly . How much do you want for them ?
What is this setting made of ?
I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
Room service .
Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?
What can I do for you ?
Just a few minutes , ma'am .
Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?
Why ? anything special there ?
Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?
That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .
Why not ? it's so cool .
Pardon ?
Well , I didn't realize that .
Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .
Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing .
Thank you .
Would you bring the message to my room .
Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately .
guess what ? I've got great news !
well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?
well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .
she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .
it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .
yes , but I'm even more excited about getting my thoughts published again !
I don't have any with me , but I think I could manage to bring a free copy home for you .
me , too . Do you want to go out to celebrate my good news ?
perhaps we could go to the library festival that's going on at the local bookshop .
I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .
who's the director ?
yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished ?
that's ok . I'll wait until you're finished . Just out of curiosity , do you have a subscription for that magadize ?
how much does the magadize cost ?
that's quite expensive . Who is their target audience ?
I bet you'll still buy it , though . You wouldn't be able to live without your fashion magazine !
Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .
From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !
Ha ! I'm just warming up ! Please take me there now !
Sure . What do you want to find ?
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . "
Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg .
For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
I just have to come up for air . I ' Ve been here for too long a time .
Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith .
Do you know when he will be back ?
Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?
Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?
Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?
Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful .
What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ?
Oh , in what way ?
Did you lose any weight ?
When was the last time you had a check-up ?
Let me take your blood pressure . You look anemic .
You're just a little run-down from overwork .
I think all you need is just a vacation .
Thank you , doctor . I'll do as you say .
Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .
Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
No , we ' re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
Can I get my dress today ?
Yes . Is that available now ?
Did you hear about the robbery ?
Are you serious ?
What happened ?
That's insane .
Then what happened ?
Did the cops show up in time ?
hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?
people are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .
there must have been some good news in the newspaper . I can ' t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited .
yes . Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states .
I ' m so happy for the family ! They must be very relieved and excited about that .
don ' t be moody ! I hope you ' re not tired , because we ' Ve been invited to a party this evening . I know how excited you get about parties .
Let me see . The bell-bottom pants are $ 90 and the coat is $ 120 . It comes to $ 210 .
I am sorry . It's a one-price shop .
Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?
Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .
Yes , there is .
Are you finished ?
Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute . Thank you for waiting . Here it is . Did you enjoy your meal ?
Is that so ? I'm glad you enjoyed it .
Toilets are in the rear . I'm afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .
You look fresh recently . How do you make it ?
Aren't you tired ?
Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ?
Could you please get him on the phone ?
It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .
What can wearing one do for me ?
So wearing a scarf helps your body to stay warm inside your jacket .
You know , sometimes I can't feel my ears and fingers .
Thanks , Pam . You're my lifesaver .
The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?
Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?
When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?
I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?
You need to make sure you arrive on time , smile , be pleasant and friendly , look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability . You'll do great !
Would you please show me that mural ?
It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?
That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?
Maybe you are right . OK , I'll take it .
Thank you . Here is four hundred yuan .
It ' s so great to be here ! I ' m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !
That ' d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?
That would be lovely , thanks .
I ' ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .
Well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ' t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .
Oh dear . Well , I suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? It seems a bit dusty in here .
I see . Well , I can help with the chores while I ' m here . You two could probably use my help .
my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .
Do you know any places ?
thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .
I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .
it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .
I want a bedroom with full bath , and it'll be better if the bedroom is on the sunny side .
why ? Will those be students who are leaving ?
thank you . I'll be sure to take a look .
Good afternoon , how may I help you ?
Who are they for ?
What kind of flowers would you like ?
OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?
Do you know what kind of flowers she likes ?
Well , they're for your wife , so I think you should give her roses .
What color ?
Do you want to pick them up or should we deliver them ?
What's the address ?
What do you think I should do , doctor ?
Is it useful for me ?
OK . Thanks a lot .
What do you need today ?
What kind of classes would you like to take ?
Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .
You need to make one to come down and fill out your paperwork .
Sure you can ; when would you like to come in ?
That'll be fine .
Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?
Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ?
Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available .
I'm sorry , Ms . Jenkins is away from her desk . She has already left for lunch . Would you like to leave a message for her ?
Better , thank you , doctor .
Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .
Does he have a temperature , doctor ?
Must he stay in bed ?
He's in bed , doctor . Can you see him , please ? He has a bad cold , too !
What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?
In 2004 , I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou . I started a sales representative . A year later , I was promoted to the position of sales manager . I had that job ever since , which is just over a year now .
Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here .
Yes , it's very nice . All our foreign visitors enjoy it . The food is wonderfully well-prepared . Let me know if you need any help with the menu .
Yes . A terrine is a kind of meat pate . It's meat turned into a paste . It sounds horrible but it's actually really good .
You could try the ravioli . They are rather like your Chinese dumplings , and the sauce is delicious .
Well , you can have fries-French fries-or simple boiled potatoes .
I'm having my usual . I like the fish here . Would you like some wine ?
Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?
Sure , why not ?
Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that ?
Wow , Amy , look at that number .
What do you mean ? It's a scrim .
I love that kind of stuff .
Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .
I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .
I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .
Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?
I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ?
Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ?
Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .
Excuse me , sir . Is there a barber near here ?
I'm a stranger here . How can I get there , please ?
Thank you very much .
So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?
Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .
Thanks . Now can I make the full deposit ?
Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .
Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .
A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room .
But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should .
I ' ll make a deal with you . We ' ll leave it up until Sunday , and then we ' ll take it down after church .
I'm ask for a pizza , please .
You're right , that is great .
Medium one will be perfect , thank you
I like seafood on my pizza .
Tuna sounds good today .
That would be to go .
No problem .
I need some remedies for an upset stomach .
Yes , and I also have the runs
When should I take them ?
How long should I continue taking them ?
Thank you for your advice .
Yes . I want a window seat definitely , in the smoking section .
What's the weight limit ?
Thank you .
Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 .
It ' s at ... gate 14 .
OK , so here ' s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
I need to get my high speed internet installed .
Could I do that right now , please ?
Is Friday good ?
You can't come any earlier than that ?
Are you available this Saturday ?
How does 11
It's such a nice day .
It looks like it may rain soon .
Why is that ?
Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .
Really ? Why is that ?
I really hope it rains today .
Can we have a table for three , please ?
Do you have a table for four , please ?
We'd like a non-smoking table , please .
I'm a little rushed . Is there any quicker way to get there ?
How much will that run me ?
Do the drivers speak English ?
Are they safe ?
Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .
How about at 3:30 ?
Hey . I just played basketball earlier , so my legs are a little sore . Let's work out on arms and stomach today .
C'mon . We're only switching two days . You can do legs on Friday .
I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift !
I got to meet the night Anger today too . We got along right from the start .
Not yet , I pick it up tomorrow .
Yes , I'll be managing the guys on the dock .
Next , please . May I help you , sir ?
Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?
Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .
In that case , I ' ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ' ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ' ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today ?
Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .
Yes , please . When can you get it done ?
By credit .
Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe .
I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .
Oh yes and try lots of new food too .
Oh , don ' t worry , I will !
It ' s nice to meet you , too .
Would you like to ask me anything ?
I think everyone has the right to love who they want .
Yes , I would .
I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage .
I really appreciate that .
This is Mr . White speaking .
Yes .
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Please fill in the arrival card and sign the register .
Room 202 , but I'm afraid we have to ask for a deposit of $ 200 .
Mr Green , please .
What time you suspect back them ?
No , thanks . I'll call back later .
Ok , thank you . Goodbye .
No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO -- the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
Usually not more than 15 , not less than 10 . They meet monthly , quarterly , or biannually to oversee an organization or company . They provide long term planing and vision , and also act as moral watchdogs rto keep the company in line .
We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ' t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?
No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
Sorry . You know the rules .
That ' s out of the question .
Not a chance .
Sorry , it ' s impossible .
She ' s in the garden , Jane .
She ' s sitting under the tree .
Yes , he is . He ' s climbing the tree .
Tim is .
The dog ' s in the garden , too . It ' s running across the grass . It ' s running after a cat .
I have a sore throat and headache .
Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .
Ok , go ahead .
Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ' re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ' s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ' d love to see
Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ?
Happy anniversary ! Sorry you won ' t be there . Maybe some other time ?
Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?
Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?
Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
Are you going to vote ?
I plan to , but what day is the election ?
Can you just tell me ?
Are you serious ?
It ' s a good thing I asked you .
I couldn ' t remember .
Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .
I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .
Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .
OK , but don't tell anyone what I said .
I'm not going to buy one .
I think it's a waste of money .
How is that ?
Is that right ?
That sounds nice .
Yeah , I think I will .
Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?
Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .
From Video TV .
Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?
It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .
No , that's 447-9626 .
Yes , that's right . Extension 162 .
Thank you . Good-bye .
It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?
Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .
Banana pie .
How about there ?
I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it . It gives me a real sense of satisfaction . Do you enjoy cooking ?
You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .
Italian , Indian and chinese . I ' Ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and I need some more practice .
Not at all . You can find most of them in supermarkets . The ingredients are usually the same as in Western food . The way that the food is prepared is the big difference , not the ingredients .
Obviously , it depends on what I ' m cooking . But I ' d say it generally takes about one and a half hours .
You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?
We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .
Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?
Oh , no . Everything we sell here is " as is . "
If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet .
Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !
I will ! I ' ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !
Ok . How about we get a cat or a ferret ?
Fine ! Let ' s get a bird then ! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk ! A parrot would be awesome !
Yay !
But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?
Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?
That's wonderful ! I like swimming .
I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .
Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .
Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .
Whatever you say !
Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?
If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .
Calm down ! Shouting won ' t help ?
What happened ?
What ? He can't do this to you .
What did you do ?
Hold it , Mike . You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him , right ? You worked it all up till now . Why not wait until you cool down a bit ?
Just stay cool . You know . When you get back home tonight , tell him that you didn't mean to quarrel with him .
I know . It wouldn't hurt much to say sorry first . And after that , you can casually mention the problem . I am sure he will cooperate .
Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .
Will you have it later ?
That's terrific . Thank you .
Charles Dickens . Actually no one can parallel him in writing .
What game do you like ?
I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .
I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?
Do you play bridge ?
I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?
I ' ll call my friend now . you call yours .
Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .
You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .
The second day you take a four-hour city tour . In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls .
Oh hello , Sally . This is Dave Thomson here . Could I speak to Jim please ?
Any idea when he might be back ?
OK . well , tell him I've called , will you , and I'll try again later .
Thanks then Sally . Goodbye .
I ' m in the middle of something right now . I ' ll be there in a second .
Alright , alright . I ' m coming .
You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ' t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .
Hey , honey I ' m back . Wow , the house looks really good !
Just a sec I ' m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast
Good afternoon , welcome to IBA . How can I be of service ?
This refers to the deposit business offered to the level 1 account of group companies .
Group companies can use this to make their arrangement of funds flexible , when dealing with their subsidiaries .
Is this a duty-free shop ?
I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ?
Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?
Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .
Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better ?
Good . How about the table set ?
It's made in Jingdezhen .
One thousand eight hundred yuan .
Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now .
Are you staying at the Hilton ?
Could you show me what you've got ?
We'll try one of your specials this time .
Welcome to China , Mr . Smith .
I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .
Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
What's the proposal ?
Good idea ! In this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided .
Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?
How should I contact them ?
Can I get a quick reply from the sites ?
Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?
Thanks .
Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?
Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .
Hello , is Sue there ?
Sue John .
Oh , I'm sorry .
You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .
Please make sure to fasten your seat belt . We are to take off .
I love this store . The only problem is that it ' s extremely expensive .
Really ? I thought you hated shopping ?
Sure . That ' s really nice of you . Let ' s go in and try some things on .
That ' s gorgeous ! Do they have it in a size 8 ?
I think this color isn ' t quite right for me . Do they have the same dress in white ?
This is perfect ! What do you think ?
I ' m so lucky . You only get a chance like this once in a blue moon ! Thanks honey !
I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ?
OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome .
I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .
Thank you for your kindness .
I couldn't agree more !
Oh , yeah , two beers .
Sure , here they are .
Just this suitcase .
No problem . What about this carry-on ?
Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .
Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?
Thank you very much !
Tell me about yourself and your past experience .
How are your typing and shorthand skills ?
Can you operate computers skillfully ?
Sometimes we are very busy and need to work overtime . How do you feel about that ?
It just depends . If we have important visiting delegations , you have to stay with us . It's not unusual .
OK , please .
Nothing different from a secretary's common responsibilities . However , you know , our company is an international trade-oriented company , can you handle English papers and write English correspondence ?
What are your salary expectations ?
The starting monthly salary would be  2,000 , with rises after the half year according to your competence .
We'll inform you of our final decision by early July . Do you have any other questions ?
What do you think about the equipment in our company ?
I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .
Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management .
You are right . The current equipment of our offices really falls behind . Next week , you can provide me a catalogue of new equipment .
I need to book a plane ticket to London .
One-way .
Saturday , July 25 .
Just one adult .
Economy , please . Economy class is the cheapest , right ?
Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day .
Does this mean that you have bad news for me ?
Can ' t you just tell me now ?
I want to see you right away .
I know for sure that something is wrong !
You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?
Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?
Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?
Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education .
You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?
Tell me about it . I'm interested .
Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot !
At the gym ?
Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ' m from Australia . Here is my card .
Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .
Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ' Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ' Ve got some idea of your exports . I ' m interested in your silk blouses .
Can you help me plan the office party ?
I need help with food .
I think it should be casual .
I would prefer Chinese food for this party .
I think we should hire a live band .
Good morning . Thank you for the interview .
Actually , I enjoy both .
I need job security .
I am open to relocating .
I need at least 75,000 per year .
Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?
OK . Is the plane on schedule ?
Two .
Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .
You're looking for a multi though , right ?
Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .
That's my job ! Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?
That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck .
With the cut I'll give you , we will minimize a lot of that .
And when we're done , I'll show you some great stuff to take care of the rest .
Okay . Say when .
I'm not in the mood .
I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .
Cute ? Hope so .
Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?
Have you received any honors ?
Do you have any publications ?
Hit ' em high , hit ' em low . Class of ' 93 -- let's go !
Wasn't that football game great ! I just knew we'd win !
Later we'll let you know who the King and Queen of the Reunion will be .
Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ?
I'm sorry . I didn't follow you . Could you please repeat that ?
Uh-huh .
Yes . I'm following you .
Yes . Now I've got it . Thank you very much .
Nothing much , what's going on ?
Oh , really ? That's nice .
This Friday ? Sorry , I already have plans .
I'm going to dinner with my family .
Yeah , maybe next time .
Sounds like a plan .
It's simple . You can use call transfer .
Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .
Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call .
In hospitals or on planes , handsets will interfere with some equip-ment , so we must close our handsets . If you set call transfer , the problem will be solved .
Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?
OK .
Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .
You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests .
You still have time on your lease .
That ' s not going to be all right .
I ' m going to have to keep your deposit
Because you ' re leaving before your lease is over .
You ' re not going to get it .
I can ' t help you with that .
Here it is . 350 Yuan all together .
Hearing you say that is a big reward for us . And here is the receipt .
Wait ! Congratulations ! You are the lucky customer of our anniversary celebration .
You can have a free facial and then make up free for you . Do you want it now ?
Here is our number . Call us when you are ready to come .
Yes .
Can I borrow this magazine from you ? It's really interesting and I can't put it down .
That would be very kind of you . By the way , is it a monthly magazine ?
Do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer ?
How often do you run your anti-virus program ?
Which anti-virus program would you recommend ?
That sounds very good . Which website should I visit to download it ?
What do you use your computer for ?
Computers are great , aren ' t they ? I should download some programs and learn how to use them .
B :: Nice to meet you , Mr . Wilson .
B :: Thank you .
B :: Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges .
What is your address ?
OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .
It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .
Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .
Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?
Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .
No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?
Here we go , Mr Waterstone . Here's your money and your interest note .
What can I do for you , young man ?
What sizes do you need ?
Here you are . And here are three crash helmets .
Well , there are a lot to do , but nothing to worry about . First , make sure they don't go far from the railings .
That's a good idea . And remind them to be slow at the beginning , not to run into the railings .
Never go to the center of the lake . The ice there is too thin to skate on .
Excuse me sir . May I come in ?
I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I
But it's true .
That's coincident .
I promise I will .
Honey , I have something important to say .
Yes . I have just booked two tickets .
Two air tickets .
Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .
Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ?
Think about it !
Yes . Think about it carefully .
Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ?
It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .
Of course . You completely forgot it .
I have made a mistake ?
July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .
Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets ?
Do you want some dessert ?
Wait a moment . I will calculate it for you . Your bill comes to $ 36 .
Food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself .
Just pick up a tray , then put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line .
Not long , because people rush for lunch .
Tell the man behind the counter what you want .
Just point to it if you don't know the name .
Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?
Oh really ? She gave me mine earlier today .
Yeah , so are you planning on going ?
It really does , I can't wait .
It starts at 8 o'clock .
I'm not sure , but I don't think she's given out that many .
After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?
As the department I am applying for is expanding , I would like to contribute by effort .
Farmer's Pet Store .
Sure , we are off Singing Road , close to the bank .
Hi , Bob , this is John Lin .
I'm with Hartford public relations . I'd like to set up an appointment to come by and talk with you about our services .
Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?
What ' the matter ?
I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .
That's true .
It was good . I brought lunch from home today .
Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .
Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?
Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places .
Yeah , it's hard to believe but true .
Wow , that's really interesting . So who won ?
I've been there ! It really is an amazing work of architecture and art . The entire complex is made of white marble and in the interior of the tomb , the walls are covered with gems and emeralds !
Wait a minute ! It also says that the Christ Re-deemer statue in Brazil and the Colosseum in Rome are wonders . I would love to go to Italy and see the Colosseum , stand in the middle like a gladiator !
Good idea !
That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?
Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?
Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , Mr . Sandals ?
Each night will be $ 308 .
Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
Next question , Is a queen-size bed okay ?
Okay , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is in our computer . All we need now is a phone number .
Thank you , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you in New York !
Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .
Sure , that sounds good .
No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?
Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...
I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce .
Do you handle the recruiting yourselves ?
Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?
Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
It says it's located in the suburbs .
Chicken , please .
What kind of drinks do you have ?
In that case , let me have a glass of orange juice .
I would like to have some tea as well .
I see .
I'd be glad to .
Do you have an account with this bank ?
In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .
The annual charge rate is 9 . 5 % .
Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .
You will receive a monthly statement with each expenditure itemized .
You can also get a cash advance up to 1,000 dollars on this card .
Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour .
No . And then I often go Rollerblading .
About five times a week . What about you ?
I don't believe we've met .
My name is Gao Run .
Here's my name card .
It's nice to finally meet you .
Marketing Manager ' s Office . Can I help you ?
Sorry , he is out .
Sorry , I am not sure . Can I take a message ?
That ' s fine . Please call again later .
Can I help you ?
How much do you need ?
All right , can I have your passbook ?
What amounts do you want the checks in ?
Here you are .
The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .
The bathroom sink is stopped up .
Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .
Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .
I am not sure if I will be home later .
Grand Theft Auto Three is awesome !
What time is it anyway ?
Oh , my God , three hours already ! I have to get the chores done !
OK , emergency measures . Let's throw the dishes in the trash ! Two birds with one stone ...
No time to worry . We have to dispose of this evidence .
He's 21 . How old is James ?
How's your father ?
He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
In the same way , probably .
Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .
Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .
Well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person . That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper . But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer .
I need to think it over .
All right . I'm prepared to , if the pay is reasonable .
What a beautiful view we have here .
Wonderful . Will we have any free time there ?
what did you do last night ?
did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?
what were the results of the game ?
what was the actual score ?
really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .
what happened ?
that explains it .
that was the last game before the playoffs .
in a few weeks . Are you planning on watching them ?
Me , too ! Do you want to come over and watch the next game at my place ? I'm planning on having a few people over to watch it together .
Ok , it's a date then !
I ' m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ' s hard to keep track of everything around here .
Yeah . I just got here a couple of days ago . How about you ?
Gave me the receipt , please .
What's wrong with it ?
Would you like another bigger one ?
OK , here is your money .
What is your favorite color , miss ?
Here you are . It ' s very attractive .
Go ahead .
Right over there .
Yes , you look very nice .
We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
What can I help you with ?
What's your question ?
What do you need to take it for ?
You need six hours .
You have to do it in three days .
That's everything .
Excuse me , I have something to trouble you .
An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .
I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .
Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .
All right . Thank you .
Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one .
Well , there's no reason to apologize for such a trifle thing .
Sorry . I was too worried .
Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
What kind of place shall we rent ?
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
I asked a few people who are already living in places near the university and they said it would cost about one hundred pounds a month .
Which tooth is it ?
Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity .
I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
you ' d better wait , the gums are swollen . Take the medicine I prescribe and come back in three days .
Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan .
Really ? Even for such an excellent one ?
The local newspaper has ads for housing .
Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .
Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ?
You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month .
Sure , I ' ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want .
With pleasure .
No problem .
Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .
It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .
Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
But by then , the technology will be outdated .
That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .
I guess you get what you pay for .
what kinds do you have ?
Last time I tried a pink curl perm and form permanent . Set the wave a little loose than as usual , please .
I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .
Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .
Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?
Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !
Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
I understand completely , sir . Housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment .
Well , you can take the No . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes .
Actually , if you go to the bus stop in the next block , you can take bus 301 which will let you right off in front of the zoo .
You're welcome .
What'd you like , madam ?
No , just a few minutes .
I ' m doing well .
Could you cancel a check for me ?
I wrote the check out for way too much .
I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .
That ' s great . You ' re a lifesaver .
Yes . Thank you .
A glass of Qingdao beer .
Will you make some recommendation ?
Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .
Yes , this is the right desk . Have you any luggage ?
Would you please put you suitcase on the scales ? You needn ' t weigh your handbag .
Yes . I ' ll attach your baggage receipt to your ticket .
You must go to immigration to the departure lounge .
But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?
I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .
Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .
Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .
I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .
Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?
Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .
Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?
That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?
I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .
Well , it's all new stock in the window now .
Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .
Perhaps madam , if you come back tomorrow , I could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . And there are still one or two things at the sale price .
That might be the artificial lighting , madam . Of course , if you could come back in daylight , you might find it ' s exactly what you are looking for .
I've come to hear about your offer .
I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .
I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .
I agree that yours are of the top .
To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .
Right . A reduction of 5 % is acceptable .
Four is an unlucky number here , Peter . Four sounds like death in Chinese . Hotels often have no fourth floor .
People don't usually tip here , but you can . Fifty dollars should be more enough .
I ' d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .
I ' d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .
Economy , please . How much is it ?
Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ' m always afraid of losing my tickets .
Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .
An aisle seat , please . I ' m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .
What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?
What happens if I can ' t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?
That ' s OK . What are the weight restrictions for checked baggage ?
That ' s great ! I can have two bags checked for 70 pounds each . I think I ' m all set . You ' re really efficient . Thank you very much for your help .
I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ' re redecorating and are going to add some things .
Let ' s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ' ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
That looks graceful on you .
How about this brown one ?
Ok , i will get one for your . Here you are .
Sorry , it had been sold out .
I ' d like to apply for a personal loan .
A thousand dollars .
What ' s the current interest rate ?
And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside .
My dad will love this . He's a Dilbert fan .
Model it for me .
Wow ! You look just as dorky as Dilbert !
I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?
A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?
But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .
I see . So , that would mean that every month it would just come from my account ? That does sound like a good idea , totally trouble free .
Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ?
Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
519 367 8901 .
Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much .
Bye .
I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .
Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ?
Didn't you know dogs shouldn't eat cooked chicken bones because they're bad for their stomachs ?
Is it Fred's fault ?
But he's equally responsible because he tried to overtake you .
How to adjust ?
Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .
Yes , sometimes the differences are great .
We have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales .
Watch your language .
$ 10 per person .
Turn to the next window and they will help you find one .
Shall we share a taxi ?
I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road . It is very close to your house .
That's the one .
Yeah . If we share the cab , it'll be cheaper . Besides that your Chinese is better than mine . The drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though I practice my pronunciation carefully .
Good morning . Are you Mr . Liu ?
How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?
Oh , yes . How old are you ?
Hum , still a student ?
What subjects are you studying ?
Have you had any working experience .
What do you like to do in your spare time ?
How are your English and computer skills ?
Okay . Mr . Liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week .
It ' s too loud .
Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me .
I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
Quiet color .
Really ? Let ' s go there .
Sure ! What do you feel like having ?
Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?
I'm not , I am a vegan .
A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .
It's a bit difficult to find vegetarian friendly restaurants sometimes , but since more and more people are vegetarians or vegans nowadays , it's getting a bit less difficult .
It wasn't all that great .
I don't think that they had their act together . They didn't seem well prepared .
I wasn't all that impressed by the food .
The service did not help the situation .
I am not interested in trying this restaurant again .
No . I am a transit passenger going to Sweden .
Only one night .
No , I don't .
They are my personal effects .
First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?
I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ' t surprised when you move in .
Sellers aren ' t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ' t aware of .
You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems .
There were no major problems . One leaky pipe under the sink and two broken roof tiles was all that I found .
I will take a rain check .
Tell me what seems to be the problem .
Did you ever talk to him about it ?
I have a question .
I need to take the driver's course . How many hours do I need ?
I need to get my license .
How many hours a day can I do ?
That's all I need to do to finish ?
Thanks . I'll get back to you .
Yes , please .
My luggage is in the corner over there . They are the leather suitcase , the canvass holdall and the blue backpack .
Please be careful with the suitcase , it's very heavy .
And the holdall has some fragile items inside , so please be careful with that too .
How far do we have to go ?
The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it .
Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet .
Right .
Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !
You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...
How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?
I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .
He must have just got online for the first time last week . He still thinks it's some kind of new toy .
I'm happy with that price .
Okay , let's shake on it .
Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .
That's fine .
Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?
Thanks .
Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account ?
Thanks for your time . I'll go and discuss everything with my partner and I'll be back later .
I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .
Excuse me , could you give me change for a dollar ?
I want to get cigarettes .
Hi . I ' m here to catch flight 513 to New York .
Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?
Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ?
Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?
Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .
Which university did you graduate from ?
What was your major at university ?
What course did you like best ?
What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
Marco has fallen off a ladder . I think he's hurt his back . What shall we do ?
Have you ever shopped online ?
Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .
What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?
It is so nice of you .
Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .
It's important to do proper exercises .
The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .
We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .
Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .
Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .
You bet it !
Generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . We can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . Here are the catalogues and the pattern books . They will give you a rough idea about our products .
To be reliable is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .
I have learnt how to ride a bicycle . I plan to go to the Water Park by bike this weekend .
Oh , my dear sister , I am no longer a baby !
Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately .
Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .
Go right ahead .
Wow , you really do have a talent for this , Alice . Thanks for the suggestions .
Hello , Mrs . White ! I'm Anne .
Thank you . You ' re so considerate .
There are different types . Which one do you like best ?
Surely , of course .
It's there , near the mirror .
Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .
Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .
Right . Hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock .
I ' m going to England by flight BE987 .
10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in ?
Here you are .
Yes .
all right .
How much must I pay ?
Here you are .
Thanks .
I ' m a little nervous . I ' Ve never flown before .
Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?
Will this table be all right ?
Certainly . How about this one ?
( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .
My children can never be obedient even if I criticized them severely .
Can I have the window seat over there ?
Well , in that case , this table is the only choice .
There is no need . Thanks .
So am I .
How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?
You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .
They sell everything .
I've gotten chow mein from there before .
Trust me , the food isn't half bad .
I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ?
I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want .
Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio .
What's on today ?
Really ? I'm interested in it .
I am calling to find out why I didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week .
I think I forgot to send it in !
Can I send it in now ?
Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ?
Will my paycheck come right away now ?
Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?
I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .
How do you do ?
Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?
It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here .
Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend .
Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .
How much is it ?
What's included in the gift package ?
Sounds not bad .
I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please .
Yes . Tell him Mr . Cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .
How do you spend your day , Helen ?
Really ? What time do you go to work ?
And when do you get home at night ?
So what do you do , exactly ?
Gee , I'm sorry . I don't watch TV .
I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life .
Three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions .
Oh , he wanted to know what time I got up this morning and if I bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that .
I've no idea . Oh yes , and the most ridiculous thing . He asked me what I had for breakfast this morning .
Hmm . Thank you very much .
Sorry . I'll clean it up .
I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?
My son . He is two years old .
Is it ?
May I have a look at the introduction ?
Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?
I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo .
Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan .
Just sign right here , please . That's everything you need to do .
Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?
Is it far ?
Thanks a lot
Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?
No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?
Very good . Now , if you will accompany me , we can take your measurements and choose the patterns for your suit and shirts .
8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .
One day more .
Yes .
Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .
It's about 5 kilometers .
I think so . We can go there in the afternoon if you like .
We have various transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle ?
May I suggest a limo ? It's nice to pamper yourself .
I understand . And where will you be going ?
And what time would you like to be picked up ?
A taxi will be here shortly , sir .
A taxi it is , sir .
OK . I'm coming .
Thank you . You are so considerate .
OK . This key is too high for me .
OK . Let me have a try ...
Thank you . I'm sure you will .
Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?
I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .
Which do you prefer ?
Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?
Thank you so much for all of the information .
Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?
Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates ?
We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK ?
It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room .
All our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment .
Yes , all our rooms have complimentary wireless Internet .
Yes , breakfast is included in the price . Our guests have the choice of a full English breakfast or a continental breakfast .
Certainly , Sir .
Hi , Susan . What ' s up ?
I ' m sorry . I have no idea . I haven ' t seen that for ages .
I am sorry . The flight is late . Please go to the waiting room for further notice .
Don't worry . We will keep you well informed .
( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?
I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .
A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .
Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .
Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !
I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .
Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .
I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .
Hell , I don't care . Just don'T submit a report to your insurancecompany .
Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .
If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .
As a new-comer , you usually have five days of annual vacation . And remember you have to fill out a request form , if you want to ask for leave .
Of course . In spring and autumn , we will hold some sports actives . And in movie seasons , we bulk purchase film tickets .
$ 60 .
Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .
It's my rock bottom price . Take it or leave it .
I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?
That's all right .
Yes , what do you want to know ?
Yes . Copywriters are supposed to design and write articles for the advertising company .
I'd like to have it in big waves .
Hello , Jack . I'm John .
Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship .
When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus .
If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay .
You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ?
About two weeks .
If you don't have other questions , just sign here .
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
Can I get you anything to drink ? :
Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Do you want to help me make the cookies , Anna ?
First , put away your toys .
I'll get the flour out .
We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .
This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .
Then what ' s your counter-offer ?
We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .
How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ?
But isn't it served with cold milk ?
Chinese people don't like to eat cold food .
But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too .
With cold milk !
That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .
That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
Hi , I need to copy something right now .
Great ! How much per copy ?
Okay , I'll be down there shortly .
Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !
No , we just don ' t usually admit it !
This Olympic park is so big !
Splendid ! When is it gonna be finished ?
How many seats are there in the stand ?
I didn ' t know it would be so big !
Ah ... I see . Hey , look the sign here , No climbing .
It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .
I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?
Oh , great idea !
Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !
What was so bad about it ?
Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ' t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?
Yes , I ' m pleased to see that you also got a distinction .
Well , it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca . So how about extracurricular activities at University ?
What did that involve ?
I ' m sure . Okay , now let ' s move on to your work experience , shall we ?
Could you change these for me , please ?
Twenties and some smaller bills , please .
Yes . Could you tell many balance ? Here's account number .
It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .
Yes , I never seem to have any energy .
Thank you .
Do you have a map of the campus ?
Do you know where your classes are ?
That's because you don't know the short cuts . You'll learn them after a while . I can show you the ropes .
Which train do you like ?
May I have your name ?
Will you be voting ?
Who are you voting for ?
What do you like about him ?
You think so ?
I ' m glad to hear that you are so excited .
I ' m sure he will be .
Good morning . May I help you ?
One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?
That's for the phone calls you made from your room .
Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?
Could you sign each cheque here for me ?
Here are your receipt and your change , sir . Thank you .
What type of people do you work with most effectively ?
What things impress you in your colleagues ?
What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ?
How do you organize and plan for major projects ?
Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure .
How do you manage your time in a typical day ?
Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion .
Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?
I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .
It's worth a shot . Maybe we'll get some luck in thinking up something for this case .
You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .
He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming .
Want to send out for some Chinese ?
Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .
Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .
Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered .
Don't worry . We'll just get a doggie bag .
I know something about it . Our company often organizes all kinds of lectures to improve our professional skills .
Is that true ?
If that information is exact , I guess our company is willing to promote someone .
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .
It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry .
I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?
I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ?
You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?
Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well .
How many people are on the waiting list right now ?
How do you think they could be ended ?
So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer . If the problem is resources , share them .
Yes , it is . One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive .
I ' m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ' Ve just been so busy today .
You ' re right , sir . I apologize . I ' ll get those files for you now .
I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator .
It's just the job I've been searching for .
I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .
The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .
Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .
Another place you can get real insight is European papers . You can get them on-line .
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?
Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?
Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
What are you typing there ?
Really ? Did you find any information about a new job ?
Great ! Do you think you have a chance at getting the job ?
Maybe I should try looking on the web for work .
But there must be so many people who also see the advertisement for that job on the net . You might have no chance .
Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?
No , the one next to it .
Thanks . What kind of stone is this ?
Yes , please . How much is it ?
It looks good . OK . I'll take it .
Thank you , Lisa .
Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time .
Come here , let me introduce some friends to you .
I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .
I was sick most of the night .
Have I got a high fever ?
Yes , I have .
Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .
All right , thanks .
What shall I do today ?
I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning .
Thank you .
What did they say ?
That's too bad . How much is a new one ?
Plus installation ?
Really ?
That's nice .
If my hard drive crashes , I'll just call you .
Don't get up so late next time . You should have gone to bed earlier last night .
Is there anything wrong ?
Don ' t worry . That ' s just a part of being a teenager .
You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ' t affect her decision .
Oh , she can make her own decisions .
Believe me . Everything will be ok .
It's beautiful here .
How long will we dock ?
Yes . We come at the right time .
It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .
you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .
don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .
no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .
alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .
just promise you will let me treat you to dinner next week , ok ?
great . Bye .
I hear you are planning to travel abroad .
In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .
Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .
This looks like a very nice house .
The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for !
This home is gorgeous on the inside !
The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .
I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .
There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and I love the light in this room .
Room service . What can I do for you ?
Sorry sir , we will bring you one . Anything else ?
Good afternoon . British Airline . Is there any thing I can do for you ?
Sure . When do you want to take the plane ?
Will that be first class or economy seat ?
$ 200 .
Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?
That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .
Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .
Yes , what kind of room do you want ?
Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .
You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?
Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?
Well , welcome to the team .
Oh , thank you .
Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed .
Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?
Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .
Certainly !
Excuse me . Where is the way out ?
It's very confusing in here , isn't it ?
It should be the way out .
Excuse me , I ordered the well-done steak , but this one is so tough .
I think you should be more careful next time .
Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .
No , I ' m sorry . I disagree . I don ' t think you ' Ve been working at full speed at all .
Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?
Things are going well for me , Joe .
My parents are taking me to dinner tonight .
What movie did you want to see ?
I was thinking that I would like to see " The Secret Life of Bees . "
How's the bride-to-be ?
Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine !
Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests .
I will . Don't worry !
Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .
I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .
Nothing .
Promise that you won't get angry .
It's a kitty .
Please , Mummy . Everybody else in my class keeps a pet . Please , I'll take care of it . It's a good kitty . It'll not bring you any trouble .
Please , Mummy . I found it this afternoon by the garbage bin . It was starving and looking for something to eat . Please ! You see , it's so cute and tame .
I will . Thank you , Mummy .
Sure , anything you say .
Don ' t worry about it , just ask .
You need to know the type of shoes you want .
The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .
Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?
So , it has a history for more than a decade ?
What can I do for you , Madam ?
Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?
All right . We can grant a Financing Promise Quota , if you qualify . This means that we can deal with all of your needs in a speedy and efficient way . Firstly , your Credit Rating must be class A , and your Debt to Asset Ratio must be top notch , for the industry you are involved in .
All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .
I want to go jogging .
Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month . This is my reservation note .
But I have been so busy all these days . Well , is there any other ticket available ? I want the next one .
Does that suggest diners avoid speaking much ? The same is true in the West .
You mean , keeping a low profile in the presence of the old ? That goes in like with Confucius ' preachings , right ?
Any other rules to observe in order to keep modest ?
Is it because that would give the host the impression that the food was insufficient ?
Our toner cartridges are already out of ink ... Could you make an order for a new set ?
You can double check with the housekeeping department , but I am pretty sure all of the machines will need new cartridges . Last time when we made our order to the supplier , the quantity was also especially high . They are used to receiving such bulk orders from us . As long as we give them a heads up a couple days in advance , they can usually fill the order .
I think the only thing is toner . Try to see if they can deliver it before the end of business day tomorrow . We should really try to do better about waiting until the last minute to fill orders that are usually made on a monthly basis . Anyhow , see what you can do to expedite the order this time .
I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .
I wear size 40 .
Oh , I like the color .
I'm looking for a pair of shoes .
I wear size 36 . This pair looks nice . Can I try them on ?
How much are they ?
I'll take them .
I think it is good if we know enough about career planning . We will make wiser choices . What else did he tell you about it ?
Sounds practical ! To be honest , sometimes I feel puzzled about my future career . I am not sure if this job suits me the best though I work very hard on it and enjoy being a hard worker . I have always wanted to try something else and learn some new skills .
Ok , then we can sign up for it together .
I think it's the postman . Will you go and open the door ?
Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ?
How many of you , please ?
I'm afraid all the big tables are taken .
If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .
I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .
Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .
You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
We put all of your test results up in the same place . Just check the dates for what you need .
If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .
I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?
Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want . Well , I suggest we meet each other halfway .
What would you suggest ?
That still leaves a gap of 20 dollars . Let's meet each other half-away again and split the difference ; I think this is a price we can both be satisfied with .
Hello .
No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?
B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .
That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown .
At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ?
See you around , Carl .
Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?
What about your use of raw materials ?
What happens if you exceed the limits ?
Have you got any better ?
Okay , I'll take one .
Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?
No problem , sir . Everything will be ready when you come back .
External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .
The internal factors are composed of human resources , team spirit , innovation spirit and coordination between different departments , etc .
What words ? Can you tell me ?
Honey , I don ' t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .
I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .
Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .
How can I help you ?
Do you have an appointment ?
I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?
Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?
Right this way , Mr . Mason . We can start with our front office . When Ms . Terry is ready , you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor . There is a conference room already prepared
no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .
they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .
people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
being famous , I can do without , but I wouldn't mind being rich .
Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months .
Yes , I have known of it .
20,000 RIB .
It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .
Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs .
It doesn't matter .
Thanks a lot . Good-bye .
We'd like to hear your account of the events of last night .
That would be nice . How are you getting there ?
Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...
Which is more expensive ?
Now , have you ever thought of going by express bus ?
What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?
They always make the front yards look so great for Open Houses . Let ' s see what the inside looks like .
Signing the registry is a good idea . I think I want to see the kitchen next .
I need to pick up a flyer with the information about the house on it .
The asking price has recently gone down to two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars .
Oh , Madam , buy what ?
Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .
No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .
No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book .
No problem .
That's great . What's on tonight ?
Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .
On the contrary , very exciting .
What day was your appointment on ?
What time had you chosen ?
I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?
What time would be best for you ?
I am writing you down for that time . We look forward to seeing you .
Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .
Well , it still hasn ' t gotten here , and my boss is pretty angry about it .
Thank you . It's a pleasure to meet you .
Thank you , they are beautiful .
That's so great !
This t . v is only $ 2500 .
That's how much this t . v costs .
This television is of very high quality .
By how much ?
I'm sorry , but the price is final .
Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession .
No .
Not at all . Go right ahead .
It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it .
Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily .
Hello . Is Bob there , please ?
Oh . This is Paul . When will he be back ?
Can I leave a message please ?
Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .
Thank you very much .
Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?
Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?
Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?
That's true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?
Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?
Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .
Where are you going , Jane ?
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better .
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
But number 13 buses leave from the center of town . You ' ll have to walk two miles to catch one .
Here you are .
Ok . But is there anything wrong ?
I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne . Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift .
Ok . Where shall I pay duty for it ?
I've paid for it . Here's the receipt .
Thank you .
Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .
Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?
How can I have the good external expressions ?
Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ...
I know where to put my card ! Stupid machine , talking to me like I ' m an idiot ...
Yeah , yeah , I know what I selected . Just gimme my money !
No , no ! Stupid machine , what are you doing ! No !
No , no way ! What happened ? Give me my money !
Joe , how are you doing ?
I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .
I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
What were you planning on seeing ?
How about " The Secret Life of Bees " ?
What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ?
That ' s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ' ll need someone to hire staff .
Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD .
The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet ?
When will the branch office open ?
Has and advertising campaign been prepared ?
I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers .
I want to pick up my valuables .
Sure . Here you are .
Yes , thank you .
why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that .
do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?
it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .
what do you think about abortion ?
do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?
why not ? It's their children , too .
that might be true , but I think men should have some kind of say in the matter .
But I don't have any reading assignments .
Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .
I'm just calling to see if you have made any decision about the position .
Do you have any idea when you might arrive at a decision ?
I'm willing to wait until you have come to a decision .
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .
It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?
That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .
I would be happy to look at apartments with you .
Heard what ?
I didn't know that .
I honestly didn't know .
That's good to hear .
Of course I will .
Thanks for letting me know .
But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !
That would be too late .
Yes , I think I should have jumped in any case .
I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .
I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
That's basically what I eat .
Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .
It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .
Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .
Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .
Today is my first day at work !
Thank you . It's very kind of you .
Do you have experience in advertising ?
What were you mean duties there ?
What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
What was the most important thing you have learned at work ?
The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !
That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ' s really annoying !
I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him .
No , I don't .
That sounds like a good idea .
Oh , do you ? Good .
I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .
I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .
I know . I wonder what's keeping him .
Yeah , a number of times .
I don't know . But this is definitely the last straw .
You said it . Ok , let's go in , Sandy .
It's not even noon yet .
I am dying from the heat .
It doesn't work .
I don't know .
Of course .
He's busy . He said next week .
Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself .
I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine .
I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .
Bottom's up , and you're right . This meal is incredible . I wish I had known this restaurant before . Thanks for bringing me here . I know I'll be back agile soon .
Well , I must apologize , madam . We have new computers here , you know .
I agree entirely . I assure you it won't happen again .
Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .
No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
Oh , Linda , you must be so excited about going to study in America .
Well , I'm sure you will .
What's the matter
What are the most popular sports in your country ?
Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ?
Is it easy to learn ?
Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .
When was America discovered , Tony ?
America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .
All right . Ask me a question now .
That's easy . It was invented by Edison .
I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .
All right . What is the nearest planet to the sun ?
Check out these wheels !
No , I borrowed it .
You guessed right . Besides , the color violet is a little girly for me .
We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .
I am not sure .
Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .
Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !
What does it say ?
That's very nice . Is it for sale ?
Really ? Then what do you do with it ?
Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year !
I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .
Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .
Definitely not . The most important thing was we loved each other .
Yeah , some places are very short of water .
You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .
I'm looking forward to summer vacation .
My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .
You can say that again .
You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?
Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .
All superstitious nonsense ! I would still like to go to one and see what he or she has to say , just for kicks .
Yes , I'd like a book about law .
Uh , the Origin of Law . And it's written by Professor Felix of Harvard .
Next week ? It is too late . I need it urgently .
No , thanks any way .
Bob !
Fine , just fine . And you ?
Guangzhou . I've got a cousin there .
What's up , Robert ?
Slow down . What are you talking about ?
Hello , is this the ABC company ?
We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it .
Our reservation number is J - 221 .
You mean you haven ' t arranged any car ?
Here I ' ll take taxi instead , how do you refund us ?
I don't know . It's a rental .
Sure , why not ?
Is it expensive ?
Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?
Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ?
Really ? Well , I guess I have to get used to it .
Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .
Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .
Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty .
No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago .
Everyone is doing great . My sister finally had her baby .
Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .
Stop making fun of me .
I don't need a guy to buy a wedding ring !
I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .
They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .
It's very simple actually . You can go to the service centre and have your name and job interest resisted . They will give you a call if any job comes up .
Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?
Do you know why ?
Wow ! What a beautiful scenic spot ! It's so open . And just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness .
Wonderful ! I'll often come here for mountain climbing .
No wonder people say
I didn't know you liked bird-watching .
Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !
It's a success all right . The kids keep trying to catch me .
Some game ! You try being tackled by ten kids at once !
hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .
yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .
oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .
sounds great ! I'll be there .
and what if it doesn't work out , right ?
You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?
Because I won't let it fail .
Are you ready for the camping trip ?
Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .
I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack .
That's trail mix !
It's getting late . I really have to go .
I hope so . A good journey to you !
I ' m fed up with marriage .
Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time .
And we have some squabbles on some boring things .
How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding ?
What ' s the matter ? So angry . I ' m just playing a joke with you .
Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?
Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?
I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?
What other kind of music do you listen to ?
To be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me .
I like pop music . Do you ?
I see what you mean . I think that's way I like it so much .
I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music ?
So , how did you become interested in it ?
Do you still play piano ?
Hi Paul . How are you , friend .
How so ?
Have you talk to him about it ?
Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight .
Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ?
Well , talk to him , and let me know what happens , OK ?
Yes , that's right .
Well , how about the Museum of Modern Art ?
Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building ?
What's your favorite book ?
Why do you like it best ?
Well . I like the Thom Birds best .
Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?
It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
I ' m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .
He knows a lot about law and he ' s eloquent , too .
Yes . Are you going to be taking a class from him ?
He is very interesting and challenging . Is that what you are looking for ?
He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade . Are you willing to study hard ?
What I really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher . Do you enjoy that in a teacher ?
Did you know that he has 20 years teaching experience ?
Well , take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you . Good luck !
I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .
Yeah , I know .
Thank you , dear . I feel better now .
Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .
Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?
That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?
I'm with you . What do you have in mind ?
That sounds good . They have a movie theatre there , so if we get bored , we can watch a movie .
Ok . Don't forget to bring your umbrella . The rain can start up again anytime .
Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?
I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...
I know , but geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field .
Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you .
Come on , don ' t be so dramatic ! I ' m sure everything is going to work out just fine .
But , you two are on a break . Theoretically he can do whatever he likes .
Come on , hon . Pull yourself together . It ' s going to be alright .
You know what , Veronica , I think you should make the first step . I ' m sure he ' ll forgive you ...
do you hear something ?
to be honest , I was just dumped .
no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .
I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .
where is that ?
what's there to see ?
oh , sounds nice .
ok . Then I can make up my mind .
Yes , just once .
I once played truant when I was in college because I intended to organize a donation activity for the disaster-hit areas in Sichuan .
Oh , I can't . I have a date !
This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .
Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .
It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .
Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late .
I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow .
It has been a pleasure . Goodbye .
Honey , do you have a second ?
We need to talk .
I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .
That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !
Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry .
I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
Here are your keys . I ' ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . I ' m sorry , Tim . I wish you all the best , and I hope that one day we can meet again . I ' ll always love you . Goodbye .
What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .
Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .
But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company .
Perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation .
Maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting .
How about a training course ?
But it's worth it . Maybe it can get us into a good mood and also helps us learn something to use for the future .
OK .
Oh , yes . You ?
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?
Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?
Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?
Yes !
What's her figure ?
What's the color of her eyes ?
Where are you going ?
Why not listen to music online ?
You can audition music on line , and you can audition it off line after downloading it , so you needn't pay for it .
In order to listen to music , you must have the necessary software .
Certainly . Realplayer is a good .
Yes , but you need install it after downloading so that you can use it .
What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .
Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?
But , you were born and raised in California !
What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?
So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?
Are you sure he really got the message ?
That's hilarious ! What did he say ?
I'm glad . I bet he won't make that mistake again .
Yes , it's a way to commemorate a great ancient romantic poet , and the race is a symbol of the attempt to save him .
Of course not . He drowned .
I would like to use a computer .
I sure do .
That ' s all right .
Okay . Now what ?
How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?
That ' s it ? Thank you very much .
to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !
I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !
yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .
that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?
what should I bring with me ?
I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .
I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard ?
I can't wait ! It sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring ?
ok , where and when should I meet you ?
I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss .
I give up ! I simply can't learn French !
No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .
Good idea . That might help .
You are interested in other people ' s business , aren ' t you ?
Yes .
OK , please .
I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .
How old are your children ?
I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip .
Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .
And after church they come here for lunch ?
Yeah , what's up with that ?
Hi ! I'm happy you could make it .
What can I get you ?
Could you please help me to check out the book ?
I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...
No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .
Oh , sorry . I'm always absent-minded . I remember that I've put a note in my pocket .
I can't find it now .
Let me see . It's not fiction . It's biography .
Thanks .
I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .
Obviously I look for improvement as we go along , but I would like you to do your best from the beginning .
The final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade ; homework , attendance , and quizzes total 60 percent .
You can only miss one class without penalty .
I will be letting you know during the year if you have a major problem .
Have you thought about the cost ?
I believe it'll be very expensive .
I would like to return some books .
Here you go .
Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .
How much are the late fees ?
I have to pay 25 cents a day ?
That shouldn ' t be a problem .
It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ' m going to take a dip .
I get too tired ! I ' ll just backstroke , it ' s easier !
It ' s fine . Jump in !
Ahahah ! ! ! Help me ! Help ! Bring the boat closer ! The shark is coming straight towards me !
what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?
three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !
were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?
did your husband's family get to meet your family ?
that makes sense . Did you go on a honeymoon ?
you really didn't have a very traditional wedding , did you ?
Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?
Then let's go in .
I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .
Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?
What's he trying to pull anyway .
Maybe you should start seeing someone else .
So , you ' re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ' s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?
And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?
And , who is sponsoring your trip ?
Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .
And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ?
I ' m sorry , sir , we cannot grant you a B2 visa at this time , instead , you are granted a resident visa ! Congratulations , you are the millionth person to apply for a visa ! You win ! Congratulations !
Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit .
So what do you provide ?
How can you get that done ?
What else ?
Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ?
Maybe one month . Just have a try first . Not too tough at the beginning .
Do you watch a lot of TV ?
Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .
Hi . What's your name ?
My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .
No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?
Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?
I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .
My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .
I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .
Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
Guess who I saw just now ?
John Smith , the escaped criminal .
I think I must report to the cops .
What do you think of this one ?
And this one ? Too flashy ?
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ?
Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you .
Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !
Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
I might just ! Enjoy your stupid game !
Yes , fine . I had something wrong with my stomach . I won ' t go into detail , but it wasn ' t serious .
I think most people are a little nervous about it . I was really very , very nervous just before I had the operation , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing I remember was waking up after the operation .
Well , the nurse game me plenty of painkillers , but it did feel uncomfortable . I wasn ' t permitted to eat anything for 48 hours . That was the worse thing .
I certainly was ! However , the doctor gave me a list of food I couldn ' t eat for another 72 hours , and steak was on the list !
No , not at all . I stopped taking painkillers after a couple of days .
Oh , yes . The nurse were very kind , though they were strict about what I could drink . In the end , I just drank water and nothing else . Everyone was very professional and I actually enjoyed some aspects of my stay .
I had a fantastic time .
Everything goes well , but I am thinking about quitting my current job .
I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies , but I need to do some more in-depth research before I send my application letters out .
Certainly , it is very nice talking with you . But I really have to go now . Catch you later .
Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?
But he seems to be very happy with Rose .
Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?
Yes , how are you doing ?
Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ?
Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ?
See you .
Yeah , I'm worried . If it's like this tomorrow , our big outdoor party will have to be canceled .
Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?
If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .
Hi , Mr . Smith . what's new ?
What's the matter ?
Go ahead . It's nothing serious . We are good friends , aren't we ?
How do you do ?
It ' s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens .
Thank you .
You're welcome .
That's all right .
Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ?
What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ?
That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .
Lily , can you take part in our picnic this weekend ?
I think we can go to the river , go around and have supper .
Nothing . Just wear comfortable clothes and good shoes for walking . We'll bring everything .
I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .
I can tell form the way he spoke to us .
Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .
Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .
What do you think about violence in movies ?
But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?
Are you free tomorrow night ?
Shall we have dinner together ?
Yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .
If only our company prescribe flex time .
Good news . Ah , what if be even better if alternative work place is provided .
Brian , do you know how to speak English ?
Where did you learn ?
You speak really well .
How long have you been in the U . S . ?
Is your wife with you ?
Have you been to California before ?
Have you ever been to Las Vegas ?
How are the children doing at sport ?
He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?
Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?
How are they at swimming ?
Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
I think that these kinds haven ' t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .
Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?
Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .
Is everything ready now ?
Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .
My pleasure .
Sorry , I thought you knew .
Didn't I ?
Well , I'm telling you now .
I didn't think you'd be interested .
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Professor , I've handed in my paper . Did you read it ?
What about water pollution instead of pollution ?
I ' m fine . Thank you .
I need you to help me .
I am looking for an article in a newspaper .
I didn ' t even bother to think of that .
I get lost in this library .
Thanks a lot for your help .
Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?
All right . See you tomorrow night .
I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .
I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .
I can't . I am really behind of my work .
Yes , I can , but not very well .
At school . And I'm still learning it now .
About three years .
I'm afraid not .
Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime !
Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .
I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .
I will , thanks for your concern .
It is too bad today .
My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .
It was the police wo helped me to do that .
I want to give our kitchen the works .
No . The decoration has been out-of-date . My friends have a whole kitchen now . It ' s modern .
I am not running after the fashion . I just want a very beautiful and clean kitchen .
I'm crazy about it . It makes me very excited .
It can't be expressed by words .
I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband .
Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .
I agree . Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . It won ' t take much time to design an amazing card , but it can make a big difference among the crowd . And you ' ll always notice it from your collection . For they have outspoken colors , own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . I wish to have one like this . But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow .
Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .
That's right . You know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . Actually , I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic .
Well , compared with my wife , I'm just a beginner .
What ? Why do we have to do that ?
I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
That ' s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ' s like we went back in time !
Yes , I ' d love to . it ' s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .
Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?
You ' re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ' s you favourite award category ?
It ' s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the best actor and actress .
We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .
But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things .
There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .
The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ?
Really ? That ' s unusual .
Actually , even though we have parades , most people just use the national day holiday to visit family or go shopping . In the evening , many people watch special TV shows which celebrate national day .
No , not this weekend . I have too much work to do .
My father lives in Washington DC .
My mother died two years ago .
No , he's retired .
Yes , two of my cousins live here and my aunt and uncle live about 30 miles from here .
Yes , I have two brothers who live in New York and a sister who lives in Boston .
Not as much as I'd like to . Usually just on holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas .
Not great . It's a kind of boring .
Yes , me too . But I'm disappointed .
Nothing .
I ' m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .
I hope so .
Really ?
You're right .
That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it .
Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ?
See you !
I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .
I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?
Do you know where a Moroccan restaurant is ?
Let's go there for lunch ! I'm up for an adventure !
But not as good as your mother's , right ?
What ? Are you kidding ?
Oh , Uncle Giovanni . That's wonderful ! Thank you ! Thank you !
How many people are there in your family ?
Is your brother older or younger than you ?
Hello , Tom . Where are you heading for ?
Another terror film ? There is too much terror and violence in the films . Do you like seeing such a picture ?
Did you go to the concert last weekend ?
Yes . I did . I enjoyed it a lot . There was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist .
I only paid two dollars for mine .
It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?
Do you think they'll become reconciled ?
What a shame ! Their marriage is really a mistake .
sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .
to begin with , I have to use chopsticks .
certainly . After all , I've been here for two years . It's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to Chinese dinner utensils . Though , I do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Ch
anything strang about that ?
oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks .
Don't be so angry . It's passed anyway .
You'd better cool yourself down first .
How many credits for each course ?
Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will .
Me too .
I meet too many jerks .
This city is full of jerks .
But what can you do ?
And they will yell back at you .
No . The best thing to do is just stay home .
You mean you suspect him .
I hope I can do something for you .
You do ?
But I find Japanese ones better .
Why doesn't he ask her ?
He's a chicken guy .
Good morning .
Nothing much -- the same old stuff . A lot of bad news as usual .
Sunny and mild today , cloudy and rainy tomorrow .
Not yet . They were holding two men in Ohio , but they let them go . They weren ' t the criminals after all .
Here ' s the paper ; you can read them yourself .
It really depends on when and how long
They ' ll do the operation for you this Friday .
I think it ' s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .
But your health is more important . Believe me !
Why ? They are fine .
Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good .
Come on . Things are not so bad . Boys can learn to use the computer through games .
Yes , I am . What's up ?
With pleasure . I suppose you dance often .
But I am told that you dance wonderfully well .
No . Just occasionally .
It's hard to say , but I do love the foxtrot and waltz .
To tell you the truth , I don't like it . It's too noisy .
Oh , it's really beautiful , but I just can't do it well .
OK .
You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .
Do you have many friends ?
What do you usually do with them ?
Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ?
Well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ?
I'll go by myself then .
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .
Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too .
Excellent ! That sounds like a plan .
No , I'm Korean . Where are you from ?
I've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . What about you ?
What do you think of the local accent here ? Has it been causing you any problems ?
I can't agree more .
Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !
Hey , listen . I had every right to stay in the lane I was in . You were supposed to wait until I passed to pull out . And anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes . All of a sudden--BANG--there you are right in front of me .
Sorry about your arm , but it serves you right . You need to learn how to drive . You're lucky you didn't get killed . And I'm lucky to be alive too .
Fine with me . I know the laws of the road . I'm not worried .
Alright .
Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .
Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .
Yes , maybe it does . But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?
I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone . Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?
Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .
I'm sorry I was such a grouch . It must've been the weather . When it rains I get depressed .
The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .
And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .
Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?
Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?
Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .
Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .
I'll do my best .
I'm working on it . Really !
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .
Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town .
Let's go to the new club on West Street .
You can wear that pretty red dress .
Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?
Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?
Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
Ok , I will see you then .
Hello . this is Susan .
Yes , I think So .
What ' s the time ?
Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you
Good bye !
Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart .
Maybe , the whirligig of time , who knows ?
David , I ' m going to China .
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip .
Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning .
I ' m sure I will .
Thank you , David .
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .
Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited .
And the host announced that he won it all !
Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ' t you meet me there ?
Don ' t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ' t make sense to meet at the apartment .
Why don ' t you try to be clearer about your intentions ?
It ' s okay . I don ' t want to go now . We ' Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ' t want to see a movie without watching the beginning .
It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor .
It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .
The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .
The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .
Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government .
Thanks you for the encouragement .
Have a good day . Bye-Bye !
No , thanks . I've had more than enough . In fact , I must be running along .
I'm afraid I have to leave . I have to be up early tomorrow .
When is it ?
Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?
Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ?
It sounds so moving .
Bob ! I hear your team won the match .
Congratulations !
If I want , I can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until I receive the item .
eBay also offers free insurance . You can get a refund of up to $ 200 if you're not satisfied with your purchase .
Your knowledge of English is really surprising .
No , seriously . I am impressed .
Hello ?
I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ?
What did you watch ?
I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .
Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?
Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .
Don't worry , nothings going to happen . I'll be there real soon .
are you a blogger ?
oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?
what do you usually write about ?
that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
got it . Are you still updating your blog ?
good for you . I know many people just leave their blogs alone after the first few months .
No , not yet . I ' m still looking . I ' Ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though .
I ' m temping at a pharmaceutic company .
Mostly office work - filing and so on .
Till the end of the month .
En ... it tastes good . I appreciate what you have done for me .
But we just drove across town . Can't we just go in to see him one last ...
This is all too fast . He's my best friend , and now he's gone .
The viewing was for saying goodbye , and I didn't even get that .
He must be green . It ' s lucky that we will get off soon .
I feel eggplants are more nutritious .
Oh , that's how you see it .
Now what are you doing ?
Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .
And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face .
Yes , I'm hungry . What types of food sound good ?
I have a great idea of where you might like to go .
It's on the second floor . May I join you ?
Let's hurry . I'm starving !
I want to go traveling .
Yes , I've been thinking about Florida .
Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago .
But he still does not come back .
How long have you been in England ?
Almost two years ? Your English is very good .
The Johnson are on their way back . You remember them , don't you ?
We met them in Bermuda last May .
The couple with the dogs , think back .
Well , I've invited them for brunch .
His grandfather is the richest person in the area .
His grandfather's money is not his .
What did he say ?
It ' s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . oh , there he is .
Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .
what a bummer ! You set me up ?
We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?
Oh , come on ! Just a quick one !
Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?
Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .
Some movie stars measure their worth by how many millions of dollars they make . Do you know how Jackie Chan measures his worth ?
Sure . His skull , his eyes , his nose , three times , his jaw , his shoul-der , is chest , two fingers , a knee . As he said ' Everything from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet ! '
This is because he is the action-movie incarnate or action-star extraordinaire around the world .
Oh , that's all right .
No , please don't . I couldn't let you do that .
Yes , what's it ?
It's miles per hour .
Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?
Then we'd better not go .
Are you ready to go shopping ?
What research ?
But they're just ads .
Is there anything worth watching on another channel ?
Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it .
Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?
Are you interested in watching it ?
Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ?
Do you want to watch it ?
Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?
Tell me about it , will you ?
Did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures ?
You were lucky then . What did you do after that ?
So you must have had a busy and enjoyable day yesterday .
Susan is going to get a divorce .
She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .
Here's the course description guide .
Do you want me to help you ?
Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .
You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...
Good . Now you can pick classes by yourself .
But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .
They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .
Ann , do you have time next Monday ?
Next Monday is my birthday , and I would like you to attend my party .
Great !
Five o ' clock that afternoon , and in my place , you know ?
I am going to invite other guys . See you that day .
Hey Stacy . What's going on ?
Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?
How about your husband . Does he help much ?
That sucks .
That's crossing the line .
Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?
Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .
Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?
I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport ?
Then you must know Shen Due and Hao Hongbo .
You should go to talk with May . She is a big fan of them too .
I want to travel .
The seaside .
I ' Ve been to Qingdao before , so I ' ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very good .
Thank you !
No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .
I'm dreadfully sorry for you .
Is there any clue ?
Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .
That ' s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .
And English is very useful in your job .
You will be a very promising one .
I hear you are expecting your family .
I didn't know you had a brother .
Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?
Does your brother have just one son ?
I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .
So when are they all coming ?
You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?
Where did you spend your holiday ?
So , Paula , where are you from ?
From Canada ? Where were you born ?
When did you come to Los Angeles ?
Did you go to school here ?
Did you get a job right after graduation ?
When was that ?
I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ?
Do you consider yourself a good mother ?
How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother .
Does your husband feel the same ?
I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth .
I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people .
I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense .
that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?
I didn ' t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .
What's his job ?
But Mrs . Smith hired him to find her lost son .
Bother the flies !
I don't know . Something rotten here ?
Have you got your invitation yet ?
The house warming party .
Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .
It's out in the suburbs .
Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .
Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen .
Well , that does sound nice . Have they moved in yet ?
When are they going to have the party ?
Wow , that would be something to look forward to .
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .
we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec
tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
Me , too . Now let's make a list for what we need to take with us .
Sounds good . Where are we going ?
Need a new . girlfriend , huh ?
Whew ! That getup is terrific !
That too .
If you're lucky , that might do the trick .
Hold on ! What's the big hurry ?
I wanna finish my drink first . I'll meet you at Sammy's .
Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ' s been such a long time !
Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ' t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !
Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .
Thank you ! What about your daughter , Pamela ? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently .
Such a lovely girl . I hope my Paul is lucky enough to find a girl like that someday !
Same here ! We will catch up soon , maybe over coffee !
See you soon ! Bye ! Egg ... I can ' t stand that woman or her obnoxious daughter .
Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it ?
Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society .
I only had 1 question about him . But you might get more . I dont know if he will have the same exam or not .
If you cant study everything , then that is probably the best way to go .
Good luck .
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .
What do you mean by " us " ?
What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?
Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?
It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .
Is classical music your favorite ?
I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .
Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .
I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .
oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play .
It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .
Yeah . They simply had no extra money to save up or for other things .
Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon .
There is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , I was hoping you ' d like to come with me .
What about sunday ?
Maybe next week .
Sorry to hear that , I was really looking forward to spending some more time with you , I really enjoyed our last chat .
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?
Oh , do you go hiking often ?
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Thanks , I ' ll ask him .
I don't know if anything terrible has happened .
We'd better prepare for the worst .
He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?
I can think of better things to dream about ...
That's crazy .
What's wrong with it ?
Oh ...
Sorry , love .
My cigarettes .
In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before ?
Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .
Are you Chinese by birth ?
How do you like it ?
I want to study Mandarin and public relations .
Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .
Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .
They are all great skiers and very experienced . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine .
It's possible .
Two , I hope and I hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me !
How in the world ! Who came up with seats like that from your company ?
Can't beat that ! Thank you accounting guy !
What are we waiting for ? Let's go !
OK ! How about Scrabble ?
OK !
Our cousin Pete ! My turn ! She has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !
Your future husband !
As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .
Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .
That's true . Some people pay too much attention to their mobile phones .
Lee , I'm going to get married next month .
You are invited to my wedding .
Thank you for lending me the book .
But I'm not used to looking up every new word when I'm reading a novel . I only look up the most necessary ones .
I ' m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .
Definitely . But I think it is too fierce .
Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .
It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?
You're back already . That sure was quick .
Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .
Okay , let's go !
well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .
oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?
art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too .
sure . I enjoy both of them very much .
once in a while , I suppose , I usually rent movies at Movie Salon .
it's a movie rental store in my neighborhood . I've got a membership there .
yes , you can find almost all new releases there .
why not ?
Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .
That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?
Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?
Maybe it's more exciting not knowing .
There are so many things you have to prepare for .
It really must be an exciting time for you guys .
Mary seems depressed . What ' s the matter ?
Poor girl !
Unbelievable ! How do people go through it ?
I wish I had a chance to see it with my own eyes .
Much to my regret , I'll have to meet my girlfriend at the airport then .
Much as we'd like to , but we've booked up already for that time .
So sorry . Next time we'll go , thanks anyway .
Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .
I prefer sea food .
That's fine . I'll be waiting for you .
bye .
If that happen to me , I ' ll take them back to the shop .
That ' s terrible . But if they wouldn ' t change them , I know what I would do .
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it .
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
I heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them , like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities . Our boss is a smart person . He will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team .
Can I help you ?
I ' ll be glad to help .
All you have to do is ask for help .
I ' m ready and willing to help .
Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?
Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
You are right . But I just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different .
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .
Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .
Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?
Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .
Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
Whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting !
That's too bad .
Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .
You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not .
Not much , usually I'll just keep silent .
Not yet .
We'd better go out for a walk .
Spring .
I dislike it most .
Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
My son came home from three years in the navy .
Yeah . We rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home .
Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?
You forgot all of about it , didn't you ?
Okay . Keep in touch .
I ' m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .
Yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars .
I know why we have reservations .
But we do have a compact or an SUV if you ' d like .
Alright . We have a blue Ford Focus for you , Mr . Fox . Would you like insurance ?
Do you think Tom will be elected president ?
Let's make a bet on who gets it .
I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .
You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ' t that strict ?
But it is unjust to judge a book by its cover . If they ' re not happy or comfortable with their clothes , they can be less productive .
Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .
If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .
He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .
They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country !
I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .
Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?
Sitcoms ?
In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .
Are you interested in history ?
I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .
Some people say that history repeats itself .
The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
You're looking great .
What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .
Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .
Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?
Have you discussed it with your wife ?
As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary .
Sybil . Is that spelt with an I or a Y ?
Of course .
That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics .
I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .
In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events .
I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
Helen , did you hear I ' m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place .
Well , drop by if you can .
No , just bring yourself . I hope to see you there .
Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .
It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife .
I haven't played chess for a long time .
Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .
Not really , but once I won a prize .
My prize was for the best player in the country . Now let's start playing chess seriously .
Yeah , about .
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .
I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .
Yes , absolutely true .
Harry Potter .
Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .
Have you ever read this book before ?
It's really a good book . You will like it too .
Wow , that sounds like a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer ?
Me too . Pride and Prejudice is my favorite .
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren .
I guess we'll see just around .
You too .
I've had it with Tim ! I think I'm going to quit !
Yeah ... I know . But I'm sick and tired of all the office power struggles !
Basically , I think Tim is threatened by me . I'm doing a better job than he is so he's trying to sabotage my career !
Yes . He's all nice and friendly to my face . But the second I turn around he stabs me in the back !
I should keep a better record of my correspondence with the clients so if necessary I can prove it was my effort .
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !
I think someone is stalking me .
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?
Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .
Is it close by ?
OK , I'd love the company .
have you ever been to Disneyworld ?
the one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland , so you must have been to Disneyland .
well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon .
some time next year . We haven't set the date yet .
thank you . So what do you think ? Would we have a good time ?
for the most part , yes . Some of the rides are bit too scary for me , though .
even the roller coasters that go through tunnels in the dark ?
thanks for the advice . I'll talk to my fiance about it tonight .
Matthew ? Hi !
It's got to be almost a year now .
I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .
Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .
Mrs . Thou ?
Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !
Are you ready to go to the mall ?
Copycat !
You went out and bought khakis , too !
Whatever .
No , what ?
You're kidding .
I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .
Well . Good for him .
I think the supermarket is closed now .
It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .
Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .
Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .
She lives in San Francisco .
I think she's lived there for about 10 years .
San Diego .
No . How about you ?
Who's that ?
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ' s not still mad at me .
He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet .
Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry .
Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .
No , we didn ' t . I guess you ' re right . We should patch things up .
Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .
Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .
Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?
They must be amazing animals .
I read that story too . They seem to be able to understand men .
Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .
And I suppose sitting at the desk all day in the office doesn't help .
I do wish I could lose weight .
I've tried diets before but they've never worked .
Yes , maybe I should .
All right .
Thank you .
Really ?
It is a new park , isn't it ?
I guessed it .
Oh , how wonderful !
I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .
Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .
Can you ride a horse ?
I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?
Where's Mrs . Johnson ?
I see . Can I sit down ?
Thank you , Mr . Johnson .
Okay , Tom .
She's upstairs in my room .
Have you heard of Paul ?
He's got a promotion .
No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
Let's speed up . We're going to be late again .
I hope so .
Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ?
Our neighbor , Bruce , will take part in the relay race . Let's go have a look .
The competition will begin in 5 minutes , it's tense here .
Other competitors have almost caught up with him . They are neck and neck .
Wow , Bruce crossed the line first .
Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful .
How wonderful it would be if I had such smiles !
Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .
The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .
Someone claimed it was one of the two man-made wonders that could be seen on the moon .
I ' m forming a music band .
Uh ... Yeah ! I ' Ve told you a thousand times that I ' m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .
We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven ' t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?
Perfect . So you can audition this weekend here at my house .
What would you like for Christmas ?
Have you asked Santa ?
Lili , let ' s take a vacation !
Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much .
In the van .
Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ?
The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait !
As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time .
You have such good ideas !
The science field trip is next Monday at 8 o'clock in the morning . Do you want to make note of that on your calendar ?
Next Monday is December 2nd . The buses will leave at 8 , but we must begin loading at 7
You might want to tell whoever is picking you up that you will return on December 8th . Do you have a ride ?
To get back to campus by 8
All of the extra information that you need is on the bulletin board in the hallway . See you on Monday !
I'm sorry for hero .
Don't be too critical . We can't expect it to be perfect .
Great - they wined and dined us all week .
My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ?
That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ?
Do you enjoy work here ?
Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .
Glad to hear that .
What's the second solar system ?
Is this good news or bad news ?
You mean with people on it ?
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
But you should tell me you were in love with her .
You know you didn't .
Yes , but you might have told me before .
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
Oh , you men ! You are all the same .
I didn't really like it .
I found it very disappointing .
I wasn't happy with it .
Honey , I ' ll be right back !
I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done .
Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !
They don ' t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
Good afternoon !
I'm very well , thank you . How are you ?
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
What's the weather like in your country ?
Where do you live ?
Here . Near this school .
So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ?
Have you ever written up a business plan before ?
You couldn ' t be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .
Wait , there ' s more ! Then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . What they are and how they are different from competitors ' ? Then comes the hard part , a market analysis . You need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables ! You need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from GDP per capita to how many children on average the population has ! All this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage , where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea .
Almost , the most important piece of information for your investors will be the financial analysis . Here you will calculate and estimate sales , cash flow and profits . After all , people will want to know when they will begin to see a return on their investment !
I hear that Mary got mad .
What ' s wrong with her ?
Um , what will you do this weekend ?
A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?
Ok . Maybe you should invite your sister along , too .
Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .
Oh , come on . That ' s such a girl ' s show .
Yeah , if you ' re a girl .
That ' s not true . Dark Angel is a good show .
O . K . , O . K . Let ' s forget it . There ' s a football game on too .
It ' s really terrible !
Don ' t you see many parents are forcing there children ' s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all .
Sarah , what did you do today ?
Did you buy anything ?
What did you buy ?
Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?
Was it expensive ?
That's cheap .
I don't think you'll need to wear it for a while . It's been really hot lately .
Oh , I'm fine .
Maybe ... but I don't think so .
I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad .
Now that's a good idea . Thanks a lot , Brian . I'm feeling better already .
He can barely make ends meet .
They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .
No way , if it still has 21 .
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .
I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
Come on , you are left behind !
You just need more exercise .
I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .
Why ?
But I want to burn up more calories !
Really ? I will slow down then .
Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?
Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .
It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .
Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .
Yep .
Maybe . After all , I am grown up now .
The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports .
It's true that we should do something about unemployment , but what about inflation ? If unemployment falls , there's pressure to increase pay . That would result in inflation , which would result in a much less dynamic economy .
Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ' t you ?
I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ' t pay much attention in art class at school .
I like sculpture , especially that from ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ' d love to go with you .
That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop ?
What does your mother do , may I ask ?
Is she busy ?
Hello , Bessie .
My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .
Thanks a lot . I'm so touched .
Thank you very much .
It sure is .
Why don't you sit down and relax , darling ?
Well , come over and talk to me then .
May I turn on the TV then ?
So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .
I will , but let's go to the disco after dinner .
Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !
Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !
Well , you look great ! How are you ?
That's terrific !
It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly .
No , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .
Peter , how often do you exercise ?
Now , tell me , what do you eat ?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
What do you drink ?
What ' s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?
How hard is the climb ?
What did you do last week ?
Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ' m sorry I missed it .
Yeah , I will . See you then !
How many languages can you speak ?
How well can you speak them ?
Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now ?
Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?
It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .
Well , you might pinch your eyelid ! Or lose an eyeball !
Do you really have to work today ?
But you'll miss out on the football game .
How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !
Of course , otherwise you ' ll just have to wait for hours .
I had an accident .
I found a new job after all , and I like this one even better than the last .
Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest .
Really ! Here's my trophy .
What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .
Is that your wedding ring ?
Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?
Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?
You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .
What kind of watch is it ?
If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?
That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .
I'm really mad at Bob .
Hi , Jack , how have you been ?
Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?
Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .
Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .
Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .
Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
Do you know Sally ?
Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .
Excuse me . Do you have the time ?
Is it ? Oh , no . The concert will begin in twenty minutes . Are we too late to get there ?
Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?
Who won ?
What is the score ?
Wonderful .
The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .
At his last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . They folded and he made zip .
Now he only works freelance . Hundred bucks an hour .
I'm sorry . I won't do it again .
Is this the sign ? What does it says ?
Good morning . I ' m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?
First , I ' Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .
How do you research your books ?
I really like your books . I ' Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !
Oh ! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?
Thanks very much . I ' m sure it will sell well . I can ' t wait to read it . Here ' s my card . Thank you for you time .
Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry .
He's checking bags . He ' s an official in the customs .
That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !
That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .
Will it be an all day event ?
That was quick thinking .
Cool ! Flashy red lines !
Is it waterproof ?
Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
Do you take a bus to and from work ?
Hmm . I have the same problem . When I leave work , it ' s always rush hour . So the buses are always crowded .
That sounds terrible the way you describe it . But you know , not long ago I really suffered on the bus .
You just can ' t imagine ! I waited for the first bus but it was too full , so I waited for the second , and it was still very crowded . Then I decided not to wait for the next one , and got on the second bus . It was so full that I had to stand on one foot ! No kidding !
Yeah , absolutely !
You were so happy , weren ' t you ?
We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .
Now let's get things ready .
That's much more convenient . We don't even have to bring the flavorings .
Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .
Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .
That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .
My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you .
Oh , my God . It's so dangerous . And he might break his leg . You mustn't do anything like that .
The boy is good for nothing .
He is hopeless .
Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ?
Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
Well , I have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about it .
Of course , they are out there .
Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .
That's right . I can see them in my dreams .
No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .
OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .
Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ?
Really ? Congratulations !
By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .
Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ?
My pleasure .
Sure . What's up ?
Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .
Did it scare you ?
Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .
I like scary movies .
Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids like you .
Do you dare watch scary movies with me tonight ?
Oh , really ?
I am Chinese by birth .
My domicile place is Hebes Province .
He's going to turn six next month .
My mother-in - law . She retired last year .
Yeah , I know .
Mmmm ... it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .
Yes , quite a bit . How about a game sometime ?
So Janet , do you do any sports ?
Yeah , how often do you go ?
Not bad ! Do you do any other sports ?
Hello , Ken .
Have you just been to the cinema ?
What ' s on ?
Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good .
Yes , I have . I was there in April .
It was spring , but the weather was awful . It rained all the time .
They got a divorce at last .
You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
Where are you going ?
What's wrong with her .
Congratulations to you .
I can ' t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking .
How many chances have I given you ? I don ' t trust you any more .
Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?
Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .
What is the international community doing to help ?
How many countries have been affected ?
I saw on the tv yesterday that there has been another earthquake in iran .
Does the newspaper say anything about casualties ?
Is this a photo of your family ?
You look so lovely .
I heard you've found a new job .
So you're quite happy with your new job ?
Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?
That ' s too bad .
You received a letter in the mail .
Who ' s the letter from ?
I want to know what it says .
Are you serious ?
Are you okay ?
I am really sorry to hear that .
Why are you so quiet ?
You must feel terrible now .
I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .
Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .
I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .
You'll change your mind . Look at everyone in the world . They all break up and move on . The faster you understand this , the quicker you will recover .
I also know you must still have strong feelings for her , but try to think of all the bad things . You know she didn't treat you that well . Is that the person you want to spend the rest of your life with ?
I'll give you a call later . We should hang out . It's good to be around people .
Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ?
Would you take $ 12 ?
13 . 50 ?
I ' m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock .
I ' m terribly sorry , Won ' t you let me pay for ?
A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again .
A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton ?
Whatever we do , we should do it above board .
Well , since you agree with me , we should put the issue above board instead of talking about through other channels .
Hi , Vince . Thanks for stopping by . How's the work coming along for the online auction ?
Can't Elvin handle it ?
This is the best dinner I've ever had .
I've never tasted anything better .
Hey Nick , what are you up to ?
Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ' t know man .
Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !
Wow , I didn ' t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies !
Let ' s do it !
I ' m fine . I ' Ve been out of town . I just got back .
I was in New York for a wedding .
Don't feel like it . I'm broke .
Just look around ? Ah , that's boring .
What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .
come on , nothing can be that bad .
ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much ?
really ? Is he married ?
then what's your problem ?
oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .
office romance is very tricky .
cheer up , Nada . You'll be fine .
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .
With everything , with everybody , with all this !
It wasn't always like this , you know .
Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .
Certainly , perhaps .
Hey , Isabelle ...
Yes , I am the guy .
Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...
Hang on one second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella !
I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name .
I'm sorry . It was cruel of me . But I promise it will never happen again ? Look , there's a nice restaurant . Let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over .
Well , I swim and run every day .
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?
Who won ?
What was the score ?
Wonderful !
I wouldn't be so sure ... People want to wear what they feel most comfortable in .
I think what you wear is so overrated . I would rather have a down-to-earth , honest and solid sales person than a painted , patent leather , designer suite salesman .
Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day !
What do you mean ?
Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .
You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .
Quite a number . Actually every skyscraper has a history . A few blocks ahead we'll see St . Patrick ' s Cathedral and just across the street will be the world-renowed Rockefeller Center . It's a landmark in the history of architecture .
Well then , there's a Central Park . Facing the park on Fifth Avenue is probably some of the most expensive properties in the world .
Most of them are office buildings , huge department stores , and hotels but some are just private homes . New York is one of the financial centers of the world . And there are lots of very expensive places .
I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .
Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .
That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .
She started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend , how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody , and so on . My dad said she's too young to do this , and that she should move out right away .
Three years . They've been dating since freshman year . They're even talking about marriage .
What do you mean ?
I guess so . Better to find out now than after you're married , when it's harder to get out .
Yeah , you can count on it .
I like him . He's good for her .
What do you think of Frank ?
Why do you say that ?
Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight .
I sure hope so .
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English .
Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them .
Yes . I like winter .
It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?
What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .
I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice .
There is a snowman over there .
Tim's always bothering me .
Who are those guys ?
Oh .
All right !
Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
Which team do you think will win ?
I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr . Stone .
Where should I go after I arrived at the university ?
Why ?
What kind of role do foreign student advisers play ?
Can we get any more help at the International Center ?
I see . It must be worth going to .
Wonderful . It is a home for foreign students .
hi , Lander . What's wrong ?
same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .
true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .
inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .
yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .
you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .
for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .
OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .
Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .
The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !
Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?
What ?
What is it ?
That makes you feel uncomfortable ?
Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .
Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
Yeah .
What courses did you take in college ?
Which course did you like best ?
Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?
I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .
Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
Is the service charged ?
Really . I'll get a computer at once .
It ' s so cool !
I ' m afraid this seat is taken .
You ' re welcome . Why don ' t you ask the conductor when he comes by ?
I prefer potatoes to eggplants .
But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
Are you sure you can't lend me five thousand dollars ?
It's a deal .
Alps , suppose .
Right .
You were showing respect and admiration for them .
Frank ' s getting married , do you believe this ?
Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .
A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .
Not yet .
Does the class start again , Mam ?
Oh , breaktime flies .
Mam , another minute , could I ?
Do you have any hobbies ?
Oh , that ' s interesting , and but what kind of things ?
Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?
well , I can ' t just imagine it .
Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
What a nice day !
great , let's go !
exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .